Yaw complete. Roll program.
Houston. GO at 30 seconds.
Roll complete, and we are pitching.
Roger that. Stand by for mode I Bravo.
Houston. GO at 1. We show the cabin relieving.
Houston. Stand by for mode I Charlie.
And, 13, you are GO for staging.
GO for staging. Roger. We're EDS MANUAL.
We confirm inboard out, 13. You're looking good.
Houston. Trajectory is good; thrust is good.
We confirm skirt SEP. Roger. Tower JETT; mode II, Jim. Looking good.
Houston. Guidance is good, and the CMC is GO.
Houston. You are GO at 1+ minutes. The little red lines are right on the little white lines down here.
Houston. Coming up 5 minutes. You're looking perfect. Over.
Roger. We confirm inboard out. capability.
Houston. Stand by for S-IVB to COI capability.
Roger. You've got it now, Jim.
And, Houston, what's the story on engine 5?
Jim, Houston. We don't have the story on why the inboard out was early , but the other engines are GO and you are GO. 00 00 06 21 CDR Roger.
Houston. Still looking good. Your gimbals are good; trim is good. 00 00 06 45 CDR Roger.
Houston. Level sense arm time 8 plus 38 nominal; S-II cut-off time 9 plus 48. Over. 00 00 07 02 CDR Roger. Nominal on the level sense arm, 9:48 on the S-II cut-off.
That's affirmative, and stand by for S-IVB to orbit .
You have S-IVB to orbit, Jim.
Roger. We have S-IVB to orbit.
Houston. Looking good at 8 minutes. 00 00 08 05 CC 13; Roger.
Apollo 13, Houston. Mark level sense arm.
Mark level sense arm. Roger.
Apollo 13, Houston. At 9 minutes, you are GO; the CMC is GO.
Houston. You are GO for staging.
Apollo 13, Houston. Stand by for mode IV capability.
And S-IV ignition, Houston.
Roger that, Jim. Thrust looks good.
Houston. You're looking good. Trajectory, guidance , CMC are all GO .
Housto. At 11 minutes, you're GO. Predieted cut-off on the S-IVB is 12 plus 34. Over.
Apollo 13, Houston. You're GO at 11-1/2, and predicted cut-off time is 12 plus 34. Over.
understand; 12 plus 34 predicted cut-off time.
Copy SECO, Jim. We're looking at the DSKY.
Apollo 13, Houston. You have a GO orbit all sources, and the booster is safe. Over.
GO orbit and the booster is safe. Thank you, Joe.
Houston. We copy your NOUN 44.
Apollo 13, Houston. Your preliminary orbit down here is 102.5 times 100.3, and everything is looking good.
Roger, Houston. And it looks good to be up here again.
Houston. I have your Z torquing angles. You ready?
Jack is ready to copy, Joe.
Roger. There's nothing like an interesting launch.
Apollo 13, Houston. Canary LOS in 30 seconds. Request COMMAND RESET, please.
Roger. COMMAND RESET coming on.
Apollo 13, Houston. Request LOW BIT RATE, please. Over.
Houston, how do you read 13?
Houston. Loud and clear.
Okay, Joe. Everything's going good. We're proceeding on the time line in good fashion. I've got a P52 done. I can give you the torquing angles.
Okay. Use NOUN 26; stars 26 and 33. The star angle difference was all balls. NOUN 93: minus 067, minus all balls, plus 0.162. The time of torquing was 45 minutes 35 seconds.
Well, that sounds marginally acceptable.
For a new CMP, it ain't too bad.
Yes. Okay, 13. We've got nothing for you at the moment. Everything's looking good. We're looking at your data now.
Apollo 13, Houston. LOS Carnarvon in about 30 seconds. Honeysuckle on the hour, and verify your S-band is up for Honeysuckle. Over.
And, Houston, we're beginning to see a beautiful sunrise here.
Houston through Honeysuckle.
Apollo 13, Houston through Honeysuckle.
Roger, Houston; 13 here. Reading you loud and clear.
Okay. S-band sounds good, Jim.
Would it be okay if 1 crank up the FM . . . . . . ?
You're coming in weak. I didn't quite copy it.
Would it be okay, Joe, if we crank up the FM after we leave Honeysuckle here?
What TV was that? Okay, 13 - - 00 0l 04 55 LMP Okay, Joe. I just wanted to put on the TV switch at Honeysuckle to tune her up there.
Roger. I'm being prompted, and you've got a GO for that. You can turn it on, go to TV, and we'll see you that way over the States.
Okay. 13, Houston. LOS Honeysuckle in about 30 seconds, and we'll see you over the States a l plus 28 plus 43.
Houston. Did you copy your AOS time?
Apollo 13, Houston through Guaymas. Over.
Apollo 13, Houston through Guaymas. Over.
Hello there. We thought you were still up there.
And we're just coming up on Baja, and I've got the TV on. Do you want it?
I don't think we require it just yet, Jack, but we'll command it when we're ready. I believe they are dumping the tape now. The booster looks good. The spacecraft looks good on the few minutes' data we've had.
Jim finally let me look out.
(Laughter) How do you like it?
Chained me to the LEB down there stowing things and unstowing things , and I finally got a chance to look out and see the world.
Apollo 13, Houston. I have the TLI plus 90, and liftoff plus 8 pads whenever you're ready.
Okay. Go ahead with the TLl pad, Joe.
Joe, we had a dropout of signal there about midway or about a fifth of the start of your pad, and Fred didn't get it. We'd like you to start over again Could you please?
Sure thing. You want the whole thing?
Okay, Joe. That's 63825, minus 1.54, plus 1.32, 004:06:45.53 - -
- - minus 0491.7, plus 0000.1, plus 6634.0.
That's correct. We would like you to go the S-BAND AUX TV switch to TV, please.
Okay. We're not getting a signal.
Okay. I'll go to TRANSMIT, Joe.
Okay. You can continue reading back.
Roger, Fred. Readback correct. The sextant star is 26, and the shaft is 15.54. Over.
Okay. Sextant star 26 and 15.54.
Okay; real fine. We had a good picture of Jim there for a minute. I have the liftoff plus 8 pad, Fred. If you're ready.
Okay. GET I , OO8:00; DELTA-VT 7835; longitude, minus 165; GET 400 K, 022:36. Over.
Okay. 008:00, 7835, minus 165, 022:36.
Okay, then. And I have a TLI pad for you.
TLI: 2:26:05, 179, 108, 000, 5:47, 10416.9, 35587, 358, 139, 320, 302, 319, 040. Ejection time, 4 plus 01 plus 00. Over.
Okay. TLI: 2 plus 26 plus 05, 179, 108, 000, 5 plus 47, lO4l6.9, 35587, 358, l39, 320, 302, 3l9, 040, and ejection time, 4 plus 01 plus 00.
Roger, Fred. Readback correct, and we're getting a nice coder TV picture now. lf you have any commentary to go with it..
Okay, Joe. I'll tell you I'm just trying to figure out where we are here.
You know, I've just been up out of the LEB for a short time here, and I'm trying to find out which country we're over.
I have to keep telling Jack that blue stuff down there is water.
I'll give you a hint. You're in the western hemisphere .
Okay, Joe. It appears like that we've crossed out into the Gulf of Mexico here, and I've got a peninsuia or an island that's down there. I don't know whether you can see it.
Roger, Jack. We see that. Of course, there's a lot of cloudcover and you see it more clearly than we do, but it does look like the Earth, not the Moon.
Apollo 13, Houston. We've had LOS MILA now. Thank you very much.
Apollo 13, Houston. Request P00 and ACCEPT for a state vector. Over.
Roger, Houston. We're in P00 and ACCEPT.
Okay. The computer is yours, Jim.
- - understand; and just out of curiosity was that engine out to use up more S-IVB fuel?
The engine out did cause you to use more S-IVB fuel - about a 10-second-longer burn; but you're still GO.
And, 13, Houston. We're ready to support pyro arm and docking probe extension whenever you're ready.
Okay, Houston. Docking probe has been extended and all indications are nominal. We're down to PYR0 ARM now and we're getting ready.
Okay, Houston.. My circuit breaker's armed - or closed; SEQUENTIAL LOGIC, two, on and up and we're ...
Okay, 13. You are GO for pyro arm.
And, Houston, 13. Were you reading us?
Roger. We have our SEQUENTIAL ARM circuit breakers in and our SEQUENTIAL LOGIC, two, on and up and we are just standing by for your confirmation for a GO.
Sorry, 13. You didn't copy. You are GO for pyro arm. Over.
About 2-1/2 minutes to L0S, Jim, and your AOS at Carnarvon will be 2 plus 25 plus 50. 0ver.
Roger. AOS at Carnarvon 2 plus 25 plus 50.
Apollo 13, Houston. LOS in about 1 minute. At LOS we would like COMMAND RESET and then NORMAL.
Apollo 13, Houston through Carnarvon.
Okay, Joe. Read you loud and clear. We are sitting here monitoring time base 6. ... countdown; we're 20 seconds away.
Okay. We're just starting to get data, and everything still looks good to us .
Hey, Joe. At 2 hours and 12 minutes, the 02 FLOW HIGH light came on, and it's been pegged high ever since, so it's been on about 14 minutes now.
Roger, 13. We're looking at it.
Okay. Apollo 13, Houston. You have a GO for all systems, and the O2 FLOW HlGH check is nominal with the WASTE TANK VENT open at this time, and it's no sweat.
Okay. Just wanted you all to check it for me.
Apollo 13, Houston. We will be losing data from Carnarvon in about 1 minute. We 'll probably have voice through ARIA. Everything is honkey-dory , and we will be listening for you to tell us how the burn goes.
Okay, this is 13. We are standing by, too.
Apollo 13, Houston through ARIA. Just a COMM check. Over.
Okay, Jim. It's not the besst, but we are reading you.
We're getting a little vibration during this burn.
Houston. We'll have you through Hawaii in 3 minutes.
Roger. Through Hawaii in 3 minute.
Apollo l3, Houston through Hawaii. Over.
l3 through Hawaii. How do you read?
Houston. You're weak but clear; it will probably get better in a second. We're standing by for the burn report.
Houston. The booster report everything looks good with the S-IV.
Sounds good Houston. The ride was very nominal. We a little vibration, though, during of the run.
Okay. We copied your call on that, Jim.
Okay, Joe. The read 35560, plus 04445, plus 01769, and DELTA-VC was minus 3.0.
Roger. You can't ask for much better than that. How about the burn time? Did you notice?
Okay. On my trusty watch, I had about 3-3/4 seconds long.
Okay. We have the S-IVB maneuver to SEP attitude commencing at 2 plus 56 plus 37. Duration of the maneuver: 4 minutes. SEP time, 3 plus 06 plus 37. Over.
Okay. If I heard those right, Joe, the S-IVB maneuver was 2 pIus 56 plus 57. SEP time is 3 plus 06 plus 27.
Correction on the second; 2 plus 56 plus 37, and 3 plus 06 plus 37.
Okay. 2 plus 56 plus 37, with the maneuver time and the SEP time, 3 plus 06 plus 27?
That's plus 37, too. Exactly l0 minutes later, Fred.
We see the booster doing all the right things, and FIDO says your trajectory looks good, and it looks like we'll stick with a pretty close to nominal midcourse, too. We'll have some numbers for you later
Okay. And we concur. The S-IVB is maneuvering at this time.
And, Apollo 13, Houston. We’d like OMNI Alfa. Over.
Houston. Now request OMNI Charlie.
And, 13, we'll be doing a handover, now.
Apollo 13, Houston. You are GO for T&D.
And, 13, Houston. Check your NOUN 17 for extraction pitch attitude. It should be 319 degrees. Over.
Okay, Houston; 13. Do we have a GO for pyro arm?
Houston. Affirmative. You're GO for pyro arm, and recommend you secure the cabin pressurization .
We did. We closed the waste management vent valve, there. Or waste stowage valves - -
Okay. We're reading 6 psi on the cabin, Jack.
Roger, Joe. Thank you very much.
Yes, that's quite a bang, Joe. We've separated, and we've pitched around about 60 degrees now.
Roger, Jack. We see you pitching.
Okay. We got the SLA panels - one of them Is out front now.
Got the S-IVB. I guess we're about 80 feet. 
Okay. I'm going to come on with the TV now Joe. 
Okay, Fred. We're waiting for it. 
Houston. We've got a groovy TV picture. 
Is the focus good enough, Joe, that you can see all the glittering debris? 
We've seen some debris, Fred. The booster itself is a little bit bright. What's your f-stop? 
Why don't you go up a click and let us have a look at that.
Okay. Let's stay there for now and I assume you're in peak.
Houston. Recommend RAIE 2 on the BMAGs .
As you might know, Joe, I've got the center seat, again and I can't see a thing.
Okay, I'm going to be moving the TV directly. I'm going to pull it out of this bracket, Jim.
Roger. I'm going to be moving the TV to get a better shot here - moving it out of this bracket.
Okay, Fred. It's just beginning to cut off at the bottom, but it's still a very good picture.
That's a good picture, Fred.
Yes, we are just about there. About 10 more feet now.
Everything looks pretty good down in the S-IVB, too. The shroud still looks intact down there.
Good deal. There is really quite a bit of detail on this picture.
Okay. We've got two - two barber poles.
Okay. You should be able to see down into the portion of the IU right now, Joe.
Fred, Houston. We’d like trying going to AVERAGE on the TV for a minute or so.
Okay. You've AVERAGE, and a little yellow dust cap just floated by in front of us.
Yes. We see it at the top of the screen.
Fred, after a few minutes of this, at your convenience, we could use some interior shots if you get the time and if the lighting is good.
And, l3, Houston. The S-IVB vent times are nominal as in the flight plan within a few seconds.
We're hard docked, Houston.
Roger. Uderstand. Good deal. Fred, one more thing on the TV. If you could come to f:22 again - - 00 03 19 32 LMP Okay. You've got f:22 again.
And, Houston, Fred will handle the camera as we go through the postdocking checklist.
Okay, Joe. I am pointing it over toward Jack, and it's pretty bright with the Earth out that window. Is that sort of washing out the picture here?
No, Fred, it's not. We've got a bright spot where the window is. The rest of you are semi-silhouetted. It's a pretty impressive picture.
For Fred. The IOS [?] has caught you with the fuel cell reactant values in latch again.
And we have word that the propellant usage for T&D was nominal.
Okay, what is nominal, please?
Well, I didn't ask that yet, Jack; stand by one.
Fred, this is Houston. Over.
Okay. With the direct sunlight from the window, out of the TV camera field as it is now, we'd like you to open it up an f-stop or so and, if convenient, try to keep that bright spot out of the window.
l3, Houston. I guess we could stand one more click down on the f-stop.
Okay, Joe. He's going to do it.
That is, we want you to open it up. Looks like a very interesting book you're reading.
Okay. I hope you got more detail than I have on the monitor here.
No. We probably don't, but it's kind of neat picture anyway.
Houston, we are now going to finish repressurizing the tunnel.
probably hear, Joe, we're just finishing pumping up Aquarius here.
Okay. About all we see on this picture, Fred, are the bright spots with the lights around the tunnel area. The hatch itself is pretty dark.
Okay. Good dead. See that flashlight beam wandering around in there.
We'd kind of like to hold off on the - start the venting again until we get the things - pumped back up inside here. Wonder if you might give us a call to remind us when to initiate that.
And we'll try to shift her up to look up into the tunnel here.
Okay, 13; Houston. I think we could use an f-stop lower. What f-stop are you in now?
I'm about as low as you can go, Joe. l'm sitting on 4.4.
What you're looking at, Joe, is the commander has removed the hatch and is proceeding to stow it.
Okay, 13. That's a pretty good picture there.
The CDR is verifying the docking latches now. 00 03 38 17 CC Roger.
Hey, Joe. Jim reports that there's a slight, you know, burn smell up in the tunnel area, as been reported on previous flights.
Okay. We copy that. 00 03 39 06 CMP Okay. The commander reportd all docking latches latched.
Houston. For your information, the S-IVB vent is proceeding on schedule.
Yes, Joe. That's - That'd concurring with all the thousands of particles that I see going by outside here.
Yes. I guess I didn't need to tell you.
It looks like Jim is connecting the umbilical at this time. Is that right?
Yes, that's affirm - affirm, Joe. Do you have any detail up in there at all? 0n the monitor it looks like I can - I can make out the drogue -the drogue a little bit, but not much else.
We can see the probe pretty well, and we can see his hands quite well there.
Okay. We're powering the LM now, Joe.
And the voltage looks good there 13.
Okay. We're going to take an outside view now out the left side, Joe.
Okay. You making out the picture there, Joe?
Okay, Fred. That's pretty looking picture We'd like to know what settings you used to that.
Okay. I think Jim is holding it now and - it - Okay, it should be in about f:22, infinity, and I think the 5O-millimeter. And Jim says he thinks he hit Baja in the picture now.
Okay. I think can stand to go to f:44 on that. The clouds are pretty bright.
Okay. We are going to have to press on here, Joe, so we are back inside.
Okay. How's that picture looking back outside now, Joe? Getting ready for LM extraction.
Okay. That looks pretty good, Fred.
Houston, this 13. Do we have a GO for pyro arm?
Houston. Affirmative. You're GO for pyro arm.
Hey, Joe, when we went back up and rechecked the tunnel there, we found two latches that weren't cocked and we reset them.
Joe, I've got a beautiful view of the Earth out window 1.
By the way, the windows came through in real good shape. Window 5 looks read clean, so I am kind of hopeful that Hycon stuff will be pretty good.
I meant window 3, Joe. 00 03 57 58 CC Okay, 13; Houston. You're GO for LM SEP whenever you're ready.
Okay, 13; Houston. Correction on that. You're GO for LM SEP at the nominal time and - or later. We don't want it early.
Okay, Joe. We'll do it at 04:01:00.
Okay. We're about ready to pull the LM out, Joe.
Okay. Looks like we're clear, Joe.
Okay. Looks good. It's weird because we get the TV about 10 seconds after you call it.
Okay. We'll be waiting for you to tell us that you feel you're safely clear of the booster, and give us the GO to command the booster in its yaw maneuver.
Houston. Did you copy my last about giving us a GO for the yaw?
Yes, we're maneuvering, Joe, and we hadn't picked her back up again yet.
Okay. Do you want to wait till you acquire it before we yaw it?
How much time do you have, Houston? Can you wait, or do you want to do it right now?
We can wait if you want us to, Jim.
Why don't you wait just a little bit.
Joe, did they ever get an idea of what that - the TD and E fuel was?
Jack, they're not willing to pin it down to a specific number right now because they say the tanks will warm up later on and the apparent consumption will go down. But it was nominal.
Okay, Houston. We have the S-IVB in sight. You are G0 to maneuver the S-IVB.
Try to give you a - Houston, we're going to try to give you a shot of the S-IVB with the TV out window number 3.
Okay. Real good, Jack. Our S-band signal strength has been fluctuating. Does it seem to be going all right up there in the AUTO TRACK mode?
Yes. Right now; yes, it's dropped off to about the 70-percent point, Joe , and it was before up about 85.
And, Houston, do you have a TV picture?
Not at the moment, Jim. We had a garbled one there for a few seconds and we don't have one at this moment.
Okay. I can see the S-IVB now out the hatch window and it's - -
Okay, Jim. Suddendy we have a very good picture.
And, Houston, I can see the gold shroud around the I0, and it looks that it's all intact.
Roger, Jim. We copy that. Incidentally, the APS evasive maneuver will be about 4 minutes late. It'll be at about 04 plus 18. 00 04 11 09 CDR Roger.
Houston. Wonder if you could zoom in on that S-IVB for us a little bit?
Yes, yes. More like that. That's nice. It's off our screen to the rights now.
Oh, that's very nice, very nice.
Okay, Joe. Is EECOMM monitoring the O2 FLOW HIGH light again? We haven't yet started the venting yet.
Okay, Joe. We just had a momentary drop off in signal strength again there.
Roger, Fred. We had an L0S for a minute and we lost our TV picture. It looks like - yes just got it back. It looks great again.
l3, Houston. You might stop the f-stop down one more notch, if you got any left.
And, l3, Houston. We'll be commanding the evasive maneuver in about l7 seconds. 00 04 18 4l CMP Okay, Joe. We van see it start to move. However, it doesn't seem to be a lot of debris or vapor coming out of it.
Roger that, Jack. Booster says that's great. He says the booster's doing its thing normally. Concur. We don't see much on the television at all.
And, Apollo 13, Houston. We'd like to change the S-band and antenna configuration. Like you to go OMNI Delta. Like you to go MANUAL mode on the high gain with pitch of minus 60 and yaw of 90. Over.
Okay. You want us to 0MNI Delta and MANUAL on the high gain to minus 60 and plus 90. Is that correct? 00 04 l9 44 CC That's affirmative. 00 04 20 06 CMP Okay, Houston. How much longer would you like the television?
Stand by on that. We'll get a word.
Okay, 13, this is Houston. You can turn the TV off anytime you’re ready. We’ve enjoyed the show.
Houston. Before you secure the TV, we’d like to know whether that was maximum zoom, just for information-
That’s affirm. Jim had it in MAX zoom.
Okay. Good deal. That was real good picture.
And, 13, Houston. The APS evasive maneuver appeared to be nominal. The LOX dump time is now 4 plus 39 plus 20, abot 3 minutes late.
Okay, Joe. We are right now opening the WASTE STOWAGE VENT.
Okay, Houston. We are charging battery B.
Roger, 13. We see it. Looks good.
Apollo l3, Houston. Request OMNI Alfa now. Over.
Roger. They are having trouble verifying that the high gain is doing its thing. Like to verify that the pitch is minus l0, the Y is plus 350, you're in WIDE BEAM WIDTH and AUTO.
Okay. Minus l0 pitch, plus 350 yaw, and WIDE BEAM WIDTH and going into AUT0. You want HIGH GAIN, Joe?
Okay. Here, it's coming at you.
Is the S-IVB doing something different now?
Well, I don't know. It should be - let's see, it should have started the LOX dump at least quite a while ago. I guess that's complete. Why do you ask, Fred?
Hey, Joe, what it looks like, kind of, is if you pull up behind a guy that's pulling a contrail, and you get in his contrail, like he's going away from you - there's a long contrail -
Okay; stand by. Let me see what Frank's got to say about that.
Except we're between - Looks like we're between two contrails, one guy above and one below.
Okay, 13; Houston. The booster says that the propulsive dump is concluded; he now has the nonpropulsive vents open and what you see is a normal phenomenon and it should go oh for another 5 minutes or so.
And, while I've got you, 13, at your convenience, we'd like to have the results of the EMS bias tests that you did pre-TLI and pre-SEP.
Okay, Joe. The TLI - the DELTA-V no bias test prior to TLI, we had a O.8, and post-TLI, it was 1.0.
Okay, Jack, Copy that. Thank you very much. Incidentally, as your tracking gets better and better, the size of MCC-2 is getting lower and lower and figures to be somewhere between 20 and 30 feet per second now.
Okay. We have a PTC REFSMMAT ready, if you're ready to go POO and ACCEPT, we'll stick it in there.
Okay. I'm P00 and ACCEPT, Joe.
Apollo 13, Houston. We'll have a handover in half a minute or so. You may get a momentary loss of strength.
Apollo 13, Houston. The computer is yours. Over.
Okay, Houston. Do you copy 13's torquing angles on the P52?
Houston. Leave them up just a second, and we'll get them down.
Houston. Okay. We got them.
Okay. The time of torquing was 5 hours 30 minutes and 40 seconds.
Okay. I just got all hooked up to get in my COMM system here, and I just wanted to check out. I've got my suit stowed, a few other odds and ends done, and I'm back in business again.
Okay. Good deal. We're kind of hanging loose down here. I've got a lift-off plus 15 pad. There's no hurry to read it up, so let us know when you're ready.
Okay, Houston. Go ahead with the pad.
Okay, Jim. Lift-off plus 15 pad: GETI 015:00, DELTA-VT 5622, longitude minus 165, and GET 400K 047:04. Over.
Okay, Houston. Lift-off plus 15: GETI 015:00, 5622, minus 165, 047:04. Is that correct?
Roger. We'd like to have the ATTITUDE SET switch back to GDC, if you're finished with your aline. It gives G&C down here a telemetry problem.
I'm just going to give them one more aline here.
Roger. Would you please verify or tell us what S-band antenna configuration you're in, please?
Roger. Stand by a minute, Jim. Our signal strength is getting a little low. We may have a recommendation.
Houston. Are you in MANUAL or AUTO in HIGH GAIN?
Stand by. We're in AUTO TRACK, Joe, and HIGH GAIN.
Hello, Houston; Apollo 13. Over.
Hey, were you copying my P23 results?
That's affirmative, Jack. We followed you through the whole thing. You're ahead of schedule.
And, Joe, we confirmed there is no midcourse-1. Over.
That is affirmative as far as I know. Let's get a final check on it, Jim.
Okay. Because we're standing by. We want to do a fuel cell purge and a waste water dump.
Okay, Jim. We confirm there will be no midcourse-l.
And, 13, Houston. You can go ahead with the purge and dump at your discretion.
Roger, Houston. What we're going to do is, we're going to get rid of Fred's suit here. Fred's suit has been right in the commander's slot here for the last half hour. So we're going to try and get it stowed.
Apollo 13, Houston. We'll have a handover in about 1 minute.
Roger, Jim. We'll have a handover from Hawaii to Goldstone in about 30 seconds.
We'll be handing over from Hawaii to Goldstone in a few seconds. You may get a temporary loss of COMM.
Okay, Houston. We've got a whole bunch of noise, too.
Hey, Joe. Do you want to dump waste water down to 25 percent. Is that right?
Do you know we're also purging fuel cells O2 now.
Okay, Houston. The fuel cell purge and waste water dump are complete.
Roger, Apollo 13. And this is your relief CAP COMM shift on now.
Boy, you sure made it back fast.
Yes. You guys had a beautiful launch, there. Really nice.
Could you follow it all the way up, Vance?
No, I didn't see staging. It was too hazy for that, but we could see it for a few miles anyway.
I'll tell you, it's sure an interesting ride.
Roger. We're at that stage now where we're going to take some Earth weather photography. If you're standing by, I have the camera aimed at the Earth right now, and I'll give you a mark when I take this first picture.
Roger. We copy, Jim. We'll be standing by for the mark.
And Apollo 13, Houston. Over.
For the PTC recommend that you disable quads A and B. Over.
Okay. Disable quads A and B, will do; and soon as Jack gets finished thrashing around, we'll be going to that PTC mode.
Okay, Houston. We're starting PTC. We're disabling quads A and B now.
Roger, Apollo 13. Houston copies.
Jim, we'd like to verify that the high gain is secured, that the S-BAND antenna is on OMNI, and OMNI B should be the right antenna. Over.
Okay. You want the high gain secured and you want the OMNI on OMNI Charlie, huh? Or Baker?
That's affirm. And this'll be maintained in the PTC.
And the high gain angles for stowage - or for stowing - are pitch minus 52, yaw 270.
Stand by for another Earth weather picture. I'll give you a mark.
Houston here. Your rates look very stable. It looks like your rates are damped out completely here. As far as we can see, it would be alright to start the PTC.
Hello, Houston. This is 13. How do you read?
Hello, 13; Houston. Loud and clear. 13, Houston is reading loud and clear. How do you read?
Okay. And do you have any estimate, Vance, on how long we'll be charging battery B?
We'll be charging for 4-1/2 to 5 hours yet, Jim.
Apollo 13, Houston. Go ahead.
Vance, Fred said that you had some more informa- tion about PTC and a different way of establishing it or something, huh?
Roger, Referring to the procedure on G/8-2, if you have that open, I'll tell you what we had to give you.
Okay. Stand by and I'll get it out.
Okay. Our checklist has "all jets" scratched out, and it says "enable couples on all axes." So what we'll do is - we'll reestablish this thing and come down to that step 7, and we'll enable all jets. That means enable quads A and B. Is that right?
That's affirm. You'll have A, B, C, and D enabled for step 7.
Okay, real fine. I'll start on it now.
Okay. Understand you're going to reestablish it.
And Vance, on that picture, I was all set to shoot it just a little before you called, and the Earth hasn't showed up in the window yet. I don't know if we got too far off the bellyband or what.
Roger. On the photo, you'll probably have to reestablish the attitude for PTC and then when- ever it comes into the window again, why we'll just be standing by for the photo.
Roger. You're coming in a little weak. Have a recommended roll rate for this PTC, if you could copy.
Okay. Recommend that you put in Rl the following: 03750, and that should give you exactly a rate of 0.3 degrees per second. Over.
Okay. Enter 03750. Is plus or minus our choice?
Roger. The same direction you rolled the last time, which I believe is plus.
Hey, Vance, would you monitor our rates and kind of give an idea of when you think they're stable enough to start PTC.
Roger, Jack. We'll take a look and let you know as soon as they look stable enough.
Okay. I've got quads A and B disabled here.
Have they come up with an idea of how much fuel I used on the docking and also the P23 session at 5 hours or 6 hours.
I think we can give you something. Stand by a minute.
Okay. It's looking good so far as RCS consum- ables are concerned, Jack. You're standing about 20 pounds above the curve right now. Looking at the TD&E, you expended 65 pounds or - Stand by - 55 pounds, correction on that.
And 14 pounds on P23s. You used a little more out of quad A than out of the others.
Hey, could you say again the TDB&E fuel? We've got a different - we all heard different things.
I said 65 and then corrected that t0 55 pounds.
Okay, Jim. Your rates look good. It's okay to start the roll again, if you'd like. 00 08 31 50 CDR
Okay. Ready for a little count here, Vance, and I'll shoot another picture. We found the Earth again.
Okay. We'll be standing by, Fred.
Okay. Stand by for a mark on another picture.
Jim, Houston here. Two items: first of all, your PTC is looking very good and it should carry you through the night; second point , have a procedure to give you, if you're ready to copy. We'd like to set three bits in the computer, and I'll explain why.
Go ahead, Vance, we're ready to copy.
Okay, Vance, and I guess I'll try to be slower on that VERB 37.
Yes. Actually slower or faster, either one, I guess. Well, yes, slower. It's a very unusual thing to have that happen.
Okay. And, Houston, stand by for a mark on another picture.
Okay, Vance; we've completed that procedure, and let me know if everything was okay.
Okay, thank you. We'll let you know if anything isn't okay. I'm sure it's good now.
Tell G&C and GUIDO thanks a lot for keeping good track of me, there.
Roger. They're right on the ball.
And, 13, Houston. If you would like, we can let you know about every 2 minutes before the Earth should be coming into your window. We think we've got it pegged down pretty well now, and you won't have to look for it so much. You want that?
Yes. That would be fine, Vance.
And, 13, Houston. GUIDO says the bits are reset - rather, are set.
It's time for Fred to start looking for the Earth, should be coming by in about a couple of minutes.
Okay. He's got his head out there right now.
Yes. You've got that pretty well pegged, man. There it be.
Doesn't that give you confidence?
Yes. I guess so. In a minute, you're going to hear my kitchen timer ding, and that also says the Earth is there.
Roger. We're enjoying Fred's music there.
Yes, I kind of like it too, Vance.
Yes, we didn't hear much of it, though.
Okay, Vance, we did another EMS null bias test and the - it went from 100.0 to 101.8 in 100 seconds.
Jack, like to verify, was that 100 to 100.8 or 101.8?
It was plus 100 to plus 101.8.
The Earth's coming up in the window again in 1 to 2 minutes.
He's got it. You're right again.
Okay, stand by for a mark here. ? I
Apollo 13, Houston. We have a CSM state vector to send you. Request P00 and ACCEPT at your convenience.
Okay, Vance. There's P00 and ACCEPT.
the comPuter is yours again.
Looks like picture-taking time again.
Okay, Earth should be coming into view.
Okay. stand Vance. 3, 2, 1 -
Earth starting to look pretty small now?
Well, looking at here, Vance, it's hard to be convinced it's even the Earth. All we see is water and clouds.
Well, I guess that's what we want. We want pictures of weather, right , clouds.
Yes, about half of it's covered with clouds.
Hello, Houston. Houston, Apollo 13. Over.
Good morning, 13. This is Houston- How are you?
Read you loud and clear. We had a fairly good night's sleep.
Okay. Well, that's to be expected, I guess.
And we're starting to charge battery A, Houston.
Roger on battery A, Fred. EECOMM says battery B looks real good.
Okay. That will be satisfactory.
And in exchange for that, the surgeon would like to have a rough number of hours each of you slept and a qualitative verb to describe whether it was good, fair, or poor.
Okay, Houston. We had an average of around 5 or ...
Jim, Houston. Your COMM got pretty garbled there just as you started to talk.
Okay, 13. You're loud and clear again.
We averaged about 5-1/2 hours' sleep apiece, and we are estimating that the sleep was good.
That's fine, Joe. Just as long as it doesn't hit Cone Crater.
Okay, And I'll have a consumables update for you in a little while, and I have a small flight plan update for you sometime a little later on when you're ready to copy. There's no big deals in it.
And, 13, Houston. We'd like to verify that you cycled the 02 cryo fans. We saw the H2, but we didn't see the 02 get stirred up.
Yes, Joe. We did, and it kind of looked like we might have had a little stratification because right after we put them on, we had a CRYO PRESS light.
Okay. EECOMM told me that might happen, and he was right.
Okay, Joe. We're ready to copy a flight plan update and your consumables.
Okay. Just a minute. I'll get it out.
Joe, was that the G&C checklist, page 9-2?
That's affirmative. G&C, page G/9-2.
Okay. On that page in line 04, column B, change the number from 03366 to 05253. Over.
Okay. And in line 05, column B, change from 11000 to 33661. Over.
Okay. That's right. The only other thing I've got for you. Jack, is three additional questions for the booster systems debriefing, which is to take place at about 25 hours, and we thought we'd pass these questions up to you early so you can consider them. Over.
Okay. Essentially, what you'd like us to talk about is vibration sequence during the early S-II cut-off of the center engine and also describe the vibrations that we encountered during the S-IVB TLI burn. Is that correct?
That's it. Okay. The second extra question is for you, Jim, and it says, "Comparing this flight with your ride on Apollo 8, were there any significant differences in the powered flight environment?"
Okay. We'll describe a comparison with 8 and 13 as far as powered flight goes.
Roger. And the last additional question is what did the ORDEAL ball look like during TLI? As you know, we passed you an update to that setting, and we'd like to know whether it was riding right on zero or what during the burn. Over.
Okay. Will do. We'll describe the 0RDEAL ball.
Okay. That's it, and that's the whole flight plan update. I have a consumables update now if you want to'listen to that.
Okay, Joe. We're ready to copy.
Okay. At 23 hours the total RCS is 1121, quad A is 274, quad Bravo is 286, quad Charlie is 274, quad Delta is 237, and the cryos are as follows: H2 tank 1, 83 percent; H2 tank 2, 86 percent; 02 tank 1, 87 percent; 02 tank 2, 87 percent. Over.
Okay, Joe. We got all those, and hol do we compare them with where we should be in the time line?
As I understand it. Jack, you're running slightly ahead of nominal in both those areas.
And, 13, Houston. That's all the business I got right now. I have a little news and plan of the day for you, if you feel like listening to that a little later on.
Just hold off a little bit there, Joe, if you don't mind.
Stand by one, Jim. You're coming in garbled again.
Okay, 13; Houston. Loud and clear again. Go ahead.
Okay, Jack. I understand FAO's working on that and we'll have something for you later on.
Okay. We're not in any hurry.
Okay. Jack. We copy the angles. You can go ahead and torque them.
Okay. Joe. The time of torquing will be 23 hours 47 minutes 30 seconds.
For information, Joe, we're all configured back again now to our regular seating positions, if you're monitoring us.
Gosh, we had forgotten, but we'd like to hear what the news is.
Maybe we could borrow some.
I said thank goodness for that.
Okay. Some truck lines are being struck in the Midwest, and the school teachers have walked off the job in Minneapolis. Today's favorite pasttime across the - Uh oh; have you guys completed your income tax?
How do I apply for an extension?
Yes, Joe. I got to - hey, listen - It ain't too funny; things kind of happened real fast down there, and I do need an extension.
I didn't get mine filed. And this is serious; would you - -
You're breaking up the room down here.
- - because I may be spending time in a - -
I may be spending time in a - I may be spending time in another quarantine besides the one that they are planning for me.
Houston, this is 13. Is it true that Jack's income tax return was going to be used to buy the ascent fuel for the LM?
Well, considering that he's a bachelor and hasn't got that deduction to take, yes.
Hey, Joe. I'm glad you brought that up, because I was really serious about that.
Okay, Jack. We'll - We'll take care of it. Tom Stafford says he'll get an extension for you.
And Jim McDivitt says, "yes, now that you mention it, he forgot to fill the ascent stage."
(Laughter) Suspicions confirmed.
Should give you very good performance on descent.
We should have a lot more hover time, huh?
Okay, Joe. I'm ready to copy the pad.
Okay. GET of ignition is 035:00, DELTA-VT 7883, Longitude minus 155, and the GET 400K 069:54. Over.
GETI is 035:00, 7883, minus 155, 069:54.
And, Houston, Jack's going to try donning his suit now for practice, himself, and when he gets it out, we'll give you a dosimeter reading.
Okay. We've retrieved Jack's dosimeter, and it's reading 02022.
Okay. We copy 02022 on the dosimeter, Jim.
Houston. At your convenience, we'd like the LM/CM DELTA-P reading.
Houston, Apol ... Roger. We're thinking together. And we're here waiting for your call.
Okay, you were a little broken up there, Jim, hut I think it's getting better. We are ready for the launch-vehicle-systems debriefing whenever you are.
Okay, Houston; Apollo 13. You were cut out again; say again, please.
Roger, Jim. We are ready for the launch-vehicle- systems debriefing whenever you are. Over.
I might mention that the noise level during the first stage was not sufficient to be uncomfortable at all.
Roger. And I assume COMM was okay.
That's affirm. COMM was very good all during - throughout the entire flight. Much better than I expected.
Now, in answer to question 2, there was, of course, a vibration transient in the second stage that - due to the number 5 engine going out - which occurred shortly before the engine went out, and slightly after that then the S-II stage was very smooth.
Okay, Jim. I guess the significant point there is that you didn't notice the vibration before you saw the engine light.
That's right. We - we noticed the vibration but it wasn't such that we thought something cata- strophic was going to happen; it just started vibration and then the EN light came on, and then the vibration went away and the stage itself was smooth.
Yes, and that - it was all pretty - pretty short in span - just a second or so before and like a second afterwards, Joe.
And on the S-IVB, the vibration of the vehicle itself wasn't what ... second ... powered flight - a very-high-frequency vibration.
That was - was that during - just during TLI , or did you notice that at insertion?
Well, it was a high-frequency viola - vibration but more noticeable during the TLI burn than it was during the ... flight.
I guess the S-IVB vibration during TLI was there all the time although it seemed to - to grow to us as the burn progressed, although that may have been just due to the boost weight decrease.
Okay, you called this about 3-1/2 minutes, but I guess the thing was slowly building up throughout the whole burn. Right?
Okay, was it uncomfortable or did it cause your vision to degrade or anything like that?
No, it - it was not uncomfortable at all but I was recalling the ride on 8, and the S-IVB was more - much more smooth than even it was on 13.
Okay, now, in answer to number 3, we did not ex- perience any unexpected transients except that all of us noticed the PU shift. We thought it was more pronounced than we had expected it to be.
Joe, on that. I guess most of every time that PU shift occurred we all - almost all of us glanced at the engine light. We could feel definite acceleration change.
And, during the high-Q portion of the flight, the Alfa meter, to my knowledge, nearly went above 25 percent.
In answer to number 4, we got a pretty good look at the thermal shroud and the IU after taking the LM away, and from our viewpoint, the shroud was completely intact. I saw no loose particles or parts of it floating at all.
And, I guess we answered number 5. I don't think at any time did we have any communication problem during powered flight.
In answer to number 6, the answer is essentially no. We saw no venting or suspected leak on the LM or the CSM ...
Okay, Jim. I guess you described to us the non- propulsive venting on the S-IVB after the APS maneuver and we copied that at the time.
Okay. Fred saw the S-IVB venting.
Yes, we had already talked about that, Joe. And that was also visible when it - of course, when it did its evasive maneuver when we were looking at it right close up.
We're - we're debating. It was somewhere between - say 7:30 and 9 hours.
But, Joe, assuming the S-IVB is still stable. The object I was looking at was definitely tumbling.
Okay, Fred. As I recall, it was stable then, although it's tumbling now.
Okay. It probably was the SLA panel I picked up.
Right. Incidentally, I guess the guys in building 6 - -
Okay. This may be a stupid question, but do you have any idea what the frequency of it was?
Only to say that it was much higher - I couldn't really guess, now. It was rather a rapid longi- tudinal vibration.
Okay, Jim. Stand by now for a minute, we're going to switch OMNI.
Houston. 1 read you. We still have quite a bit of noise on the loop.
Okay, Jim. It should be pretty good now. We copied you answering question number 9.
Do you want any more comments on the S-IVB vibrations?
I don't think so. When you get all done, I'll - I'll make a quick check to see if the booster people have any - any additional questions. You skipped number 8, Jim; could you go back to that for a second?
Our only comment there, Joe, was that the burn on TLI, to our knowledge, was about 3-3/4 second longer than had been predicted and that was the only thing that we really noticed; otherwise, looked like PI [?] was nominal at cut-off.
Okay, sounds good, we'll give Mike Wash a gold star on that one. Okay, Jim, stand by 1 while I see if we have any extra questions.
Jim, while we're waiting to see if they have any more questions, I'd like to read you the booster people's preliminary analysis on the - the S-II cut-off. Over.
That would be very interesting. Go ahead.
I thought it was the center engine.
Joe, do you have any word on what marks we had for TLI?
At the time of TLI, as I recall, you had 6 seconds longer than the nominal burn which was 3 seconds longer than the 3-sigma low burn, and you were also GO for a second-opportunity TLI if we had re- quired one.
Okay, we were just wondering because it appeared to us that we had a longer TLI burn than had been predicted.
Yes, you did. We confirmed that - that - that cut-off time just about as you saw it, and I don't have an explanation for it, but it was within the 3-sigma margin.
Roger, we have no further questions. All the answers were clear and satisfactory, and we thank you very much. You can press on with the rest of your busy day.
Okay, Joe. Out window 5, I just picked up the tumbling object again so, for sure, it must have been a SLA panel. I don't think we could still be in the proximity of the S-IV at this time.
I don't think so, Fred. It's several hundred miles aft of you. 700 miles is - is the number, I'm told. And since the SLA panel didn't make the midcourse correction, that might be it.
Yes, it's, I can't really tell for sure even through the monocular that it is, but it looks the same relative position to the stars. And the best I can tell about the same intensity and still about the same distance from us.
Can you see it tumbling. Does it have a shape, or is it a point?
No. I can tell it's tumbling; I guess the flat side not only is facing me, it's not only much brighter, it also grows larger.
- - they're saying it might make a 100 to 120 foot crater, too.
It'll still be past the terminator for us for awhile.
Right. It will be at about the REV 20 terminator, so it will be late in your lunar orbit activities before you will be able to photograph it, and FAO is looking at whether we can work that in or not.
Hey, Joe? Is FAO ready to - do you - or are you ready to give me those items that we made optional and deleted in the solo book?
Jack, we are not quite ready with that yet, but we will be before too long. Can you wait awhile?
Sure can. Got lots of time.
Just a passing comment, Joe. We're having lunch right now, and I just made myself a hotdog sandwich with catsup. Very tasty and almost unheard of in the old days.
That's correct, 13. As I recall the flight plan, you're supposed to put mustard on the hot dogs and not catsup, but I guess we'll overlook that.
Right. How's everything going?
It's going pretty good. We have about four dif- ferent methods of spreading catsup, right now.
Okay. Jack, we'll have your update to you before too long.
Okay. Fine, Joe. We did a pit check on the Hycon camera and everything works okay.
Okay. Beautiful. We don't have anything else for you at the moment.
Okay. We'd like to get the FM up now to look at some inside pictures there.
Okay. Stand by and I'll get a GO on this.
That's acceptable, Fred, and meanwhile, when you guys are ready to copy, we've got an MCC-2 pad for you.
Roger that. And also if you can go to POO and ACCEPT conveniently, we'd like to uplink.
Okay, Joe. You can go ahead with the P30 pad.
Roger. Readback correct. I have two more short comments on them, but I want to wait just a second and make sure I understand them before I pass them to you.
Okay, understand. For Jack's information the EMS DELTA-V bias is 3.4, and our targeted pericynthion after this maneuver is 60 miles.
That's correct on the pericynthion. The EMS bias is 0.34, very small.
Okay. 0.34 on the EMS DELTA-V bias.
We'll give you - we'll give you the read - we'll give you the results of another null bias test for comparative purposes right before the - oh, at the proper time.
Okay. Real fine; and the computer is yours.
Okay. Thank you. Going BLOCK.
Okay, Houston; 13. Are you copying the torquing angles on the P52?
Okay, Jack. Give us a second.
And, 13, Houston. We have them. You can torque them.
Okay, Joe. Time of torquing 29 hours 0 minute 30 seconds.
Hey, you've got a new CAPCOM on now with the Black Crew, and we have about three items to give you. Jack.
Okay. Stand by 1. Are these updates or what?
I'm going to give you some high gain antenna angles for TV and the rest is just information, general words.
Okay. Burn attitude for TV, your pitch and yaw angles are as follows: PITCH minus l - minus 69 YAW 180, HIGH GAIN.
Okay. Second point is that you're GO for MCC-2 Everything's looking good here.
And the last item's for Jack. Jack, the preliminary indications are that you can get a 60-day extension on your - filing your income tax if you're out of the country.
That's good news. I guess I qualify.
Yes, we were just looking at the map, and you're south of Florida so you're not in the country now. But we wondered how about your car tags. Have you taken care of those?
Yes, I did, as a matter of fact. I think I did!
And, Apollo 13, Houston. Recommend OMNI Alfa until you get to the burn attitude.
Okay, Vance. The EMS DELTA-V pass passive, the results of the no-bias pass in 100 seconds, have been from 100 to 101.5.
Roger. Copy plus 100 to plus 101.5, and that agrees fairly closely with the last one, as I recall.
Okay, Houston. We're at P40 burn attitude. Jim is on the sextant star check, and we do have a star in the sextant.
Roger, Jack. Copy. Very good.
But we could't tell you whether it's 44 or not.
Okay, Houston; 13. We're a little bit ahead of ourselves. Do we have a GO to do the fuel cell purge and the waste water dump?
Jack, that's affirm. You have a GO for those.
Jim, battery A is charged now. Whenever you want to unhook it will be fine with us.
Houston, 13. Are you still planning to have TV at the scheduled time?
Okay, 13; Houston. That's affirm. At the flight- plan-scheduled time.
Okay. All right. We've got a beautiful sight we want to show you.
Houston. You can go ahead with the TV now- We're standing by.
Okay. Jack. It's coming in, and it's right in the center of our screen.
Can you - Think you could guess what that might be, Vance? Better than Charlie?
I don't want to start flipping coins at this point.
Okay. We'd like to see that.
Okay. We saw some droplets speeding out for a little while, Jack. Now we don't see anything.
Actually, Vance, what you're looking at is solid water droplets coming out just about all the time. It lights up the whole sky around the Moon. It's just far too fine for you to see. Now I think they're coming out a little thicker.
Jack's complaining about seeing stars.
FIDO says he can understand why that would perturbate a trajectory now.
It's amazing watching these little frozen droplets maneuver. They seem to go in all directions, but finally after they get out a certain ways, settle down and they all seem to be traveling in the same direction.
Right. That's coming in real well.
The objects in the foreground are parts of the LM that you're looking at.
The camera is now going to ...
We can just barely see those parts of the LM. They must be in a shadow.
Okay. Now you are looking at a thruster quad at the lower part of your screen.
I've got the f-stop all the way open now, Vance; that' s quad - quad 1 you' re looking at with the LM should - The Moon should be in view just over the top of the quad.
Right. We see the nozzle of the quad, but it's dark and it's not easy to see.
Houston. INCO suggests you try AVERAGE if you're in PEAK to see if that gives us a better picture.
Okay. We're in AVERAGE now.
I think that helps out. We can see it better.
Okay. Now, 13, request you either move it away from the bright area or else move it back to PEAK. Over.
Okay, Vance. I cranked the focus down a little bit. Is the quad coming in any better now?
It's coming in about the same, Fred, and you're a little weak now on the COMM.
We could see when you went back to PEAK.
And I'm now ... all the way out.
Okay. We could see you zoom in on the Moon, and it's near the center of our screen, just a little to the left. Very clear.
Yes. I show it just about at 38.
We can't tell if it's gray or light brown, though.
Do you have your grid down there, Vance?
I don't know if you can make out the features there, Vance, on the Moon, but it looks like the terminators are at central plains area somewhere around Descartes, maybe.
Okay. We're - We see it just as a bright portion of the lunar disk, and it looks a lot like you see it from Earth. Very bright. We are unable to see any features at all.
It's pretty much the same with the eyeballs in here, and it looks a little bigger now. But the only way I could see it very good at all was with the monocular, a little while ago.
Okay, Fred. Very good. We'd be interested to seeing the cabin when you get ready for that, too.
And, Vance, we're counting down to midcourse-2, we're up to, in our checklist, to minus 6 minutes to go.
Right. And what Jim's holding now, he's got a pen in his hand we've rigged on a string, as sort of a simple-minded accelerometer. This burn's pretty short and I'm not sure even that's going to show very much. But we'll see if it'll stretch out at the end of its string.
Yes. We see the pencil at the top of the picture floating around. And Jack's coming into view now.
And I've gone back - Okay, I've gone back to AVERAGE now and ... pitch up.
Now in a few minutes, Vance, I guess we'll see how about the only system we haven't used yet works. Everything else sure has worked mighty fine.
Right. The spacecraft's really working nicely. Okay. We're picking up panel 2 now. Still a little bit of the checklist.
Wondering if you can pick up the caution array there?
Right. We just saw your - your testing of the caution and warning system at the left-hand side of the panel on our TV. See the lights all flash on. You're doing it again.
You mission timer's showing up as a - a brilliant green in the upper left-hand part of the picture.
Roger. I got the camera kind of canted on you here, Vance.
Vance, Jim's going to go to VOX now.
Roger. Read you loud and clear, Jim.
Okay. We'll - what we'll do - We'll be on VOX for the remainder of the burn and preburn countdown.
... And what we're waiting for is 54 minutes on our counter or 20 which would be minus - -
Jim, we hear clipping on your VOX. Could you adjust it so that you're coming in continuously all the time?
. How's that, Vance?
Vance, how do you read the CMP on VOX?
Jack, read you loud and clear.
We show minus 8-1/2 minutes.
Roger. Houston copies. 01 06 32 44 SC Close
Is that too close, Vance, or can you make out the SPS engine panel now?
We can see your fuel and oxidizer gages and hydrogen/oxygen gages at the top of the picture and the PUGS, but it isn't coming in in focus too well. It's a little dim.
Yes. I think the problem is I'm about 2 feet and it doesn't go down but to 4.
Right. We understand that's the panel right in front of your face.
Okay. Vance, stand by for the main ...
Okay. We're minus 7 minutes.
Fred, the focus is good enough that we can see the position of your four ball valves at the top of the picture for the big SPS engine.
What would you like to watch, Vance?
Hopefully, you'll see the - or we'll see the two on the left here, set A, go on here directly - -
MAIN BUS TIES, two, ON, Fred. Okay. SPS HELIUM VALVE, two, AUTO and checked AUTO barber pole. TVC SERVO POWER is 1, ACl/MAIN A; 2, AC2/MAIN B.
Okay. ROTATIONAL POWER NORMAL no. 2, AC.
BMAGs, three, ATT l/RATE 2.
And arm your hand controller.
Okay. Let's do a primary TVC check.
Fred, are you ready to start primary?
Okay. Go ahead on primaries.
Okay. PITCH 1, START. 01 06 35 40 IMP Good.
Thumbwheel control. 0.96 plus O.96 minus 0.23.
- - TRIM returns to NEUTRAL.
Clockwise on the translation controller. ^
Okay. 01 06 36 10 IMP Go ahead.
Good. Good trim control. Minus O.96, plus 0.96, minus 0.23.
MTVC. TRANSLATION CONTROL, NEUTRAL. MAX trim up to zero.
ROTATIONAL HAND CONTROL POWER, two, NORMAL, AC/DC.
Okay. BMAGs, you got three, RATE 2? Okay, we'll proceed for final trim.
Okay. BMAG MODEs, three, ATT l/RATE 2.
... ENTER. Okay. We'll do the GIMBAL TEST OPTION.
Plus 2, minus 2,0, plus 2, 2, 0.
Yes. We can hear and feel the engine gimbal as we do the test.
- - ... relay cut in and TRIM is set.
RATE, HIGH and update the DET.
Okay. We're coming up on 3 minutes. I'll give you a Mark.
Three minutes. DET is good.
At 58, we want DELTA-V THRUST A to NORMAL.
Jim, Houston. You're looking good down here. G) for the burn.
Okay. Two minutes. DELTA-V thrust - -
DELTA-V THRUST A to NORMAL.
TRANSLATION HAND CONTROLLER armed. Arm your ROTATIONAL HAND CONTROLLER. I've already got mine armed. Okay, Fred, TAPE RECORDER, HIGH BIT RATE, RECORD, FORWARD, COMMAND RESET. Standing by for 59.
Standing by for ENTER ENABLE.
Okay. Let's get the residuals. Okay, Houston, there are the residuals.
Okay. YAW 2. 01 06 41 18 IMP Good.
On LOW BIT RATE. Start. Go with the primaries.
- - is OFF. Okay. Record the DELTA-Vc. You got that?
Okay. You got the - You got the DELTA-V in minus 3.7.
Okay. FUNCTION, OFF. MODE, STANDBY.
TRANSLATION HAND CONTROL POWER, OFF.
ROT POWER DIRECT, two, OFF.
I'm already in low bit rate.
Yes, we were on those ... so that we had less than 0.2.
Okay. Houston copied your residuals, very low.
Roger. That was a very short burn. Request you give us a sweep across the panel when you get a chance, Fred. Let us see Jack and Jim again. Over.
Okay, Vance, I was going to show you on - wonder if the folks might - down there might be interested in how we find out how far we're away from the Moon. Going to do that right now in program 21 here.
I'm asking the computer how far away we are. And the computer is telling me we're 121 490 miles out.
Okay. That agrees fairly closely with our map on the wall.
I'm glad. That means you're tracking us too.
And if you didn't see our residuals, it was 0.1 X, 0.2 on Y, and 0.1 Z, and DELTA-Vc was minus 3.8.
Jack, Houston. We show you down here 121 thou- sand miles 520 out. So I guess we all agree.
Okay. Real good, Vance. What I'm going to do is give you a shot of Fred.
If we can get all the wiring out of the way.
The big problem here is, when you move the TV around, this wire follows you like a snake here.
Yes, we have Fred now. Looks like he has a lariat there, getting ready to rope the checklist.
That's only half of it. We have most of it hidden away. It's been pretty interesting doing all the camera work here to get a little extra training running the TV here, hopefully for when we get on the ground at Fra Mauro. The monitor does make it pretty easy though.
Right. That's a real advantage in the cockpit. You're just a little bit dark. It looks like it might help to have the f-stop run down about one increment. See how it comes out - -
Can't do it, we're wide open.
I think we're wide open - -
Yes. We're wide open, Vance.
Okay. Does that help any, Vance?
Okay. It's reasonablly good. We can make out Fred fairly well. Looks like he's in a shadow. Hey, that helps. You just turned up the lights, huh?
Yes. We went fixed on the - -
Okay. You're on candid camera.
We did notice one thing, Vance. You know that new fad with long hair? It won't work too well up here in space.
I say, you know the new - the new fad with long hair?
It doesn't work too well up in space, you can't comb your hair up here.
Well, I guess you have to give up something.
Well, at least it - it helps to try. We can see you trying to comb your hair there, Jim. It looks like your - your beards haven't come along to the point where you've had to use the razor though.
Well, we've been debating that. We thought we'd take care of our beards tomorrow and make that one of our daily routines.
I take it that was a subtle hint, Vance.
No, no. We're not commenting on your appearance, Fred. I mean nothing derogatory, understand.
And, Vance, thought we'd get a picture of Jack just so that all the girls know that he's still here.
Yes, we - we appreciate that. There he is. Big Jack.
Jack, you're in the shadow right now; we have a little bit of interference from your window, which is very bright, so we can't - I think you're smiling, but it's a little hard to tell. 01 06 48 11 CDR ...
Hey, there we go. Incidentally, we've been getting all kinds of bits of information to pass up to you. We've had baseball scores coming in, basketball. Somebody said there's 220 days, shopping days left until Christmas.
Yes. Who won the Masters, Vance?
It was a tie in the Masters and stand by. It was a tie between Littler and Casper after 72 holes, and there is going to be a playoff Monday, we understand.
That's right, Vance. Be going down there shortly.
Okay. The TV now is all but black. Looks like it must be pointing into a shadow.
What he's doing, he's trying to give you one more shot of the Moon, and right now I'm setting to maneuver pad and the optics calibration attitude.
Roger. We - We don't see anything out there any- more in the way of particles leaving the spacecraft. We'd suggest, maybe you zoom the Moon in a little bit again so we can see the shape of it better.
Okay. That brings the Moon in. We can see the terminator at the top of the melon-shaped disk.
Okay. Now you can see a few of the spark - sparkling particles going across the screen. Those are being emitted from the thrusters. Jack's maneuvering the spacecraft now.
Okay. We can see those very poorly. Well, actually, they are coming in better now. It looks like little specks going from the upper left part of the screen across to the right, and understand those are from the thrusters.
Okay, 13; Houston. Just as an item of interest, advise your speed with respect to the Earth is now 4667 feet per second.
Okay, Apollo 13; Houston. The Moon has been in and out of the - the - our screen here. Right now it's off at the bottom side, but we can still see the particles coming off of the spacecraft.
Okay. I am going to have to pull it out the window now, Vance. The Sun's coming up on the right side.
Do you want to see any shots down in the LEB, Vance?
Do you want to see any of the photographs or do you want the TV down in the LEB?
That's right, Jim. It would be good to see what you are doing down in the LEB or the far corner of the spacecraft where the optics are. Might be interesting to describe what you will do in the next few minutes in the way of sighting.
Okay, Vance. First we are going to give you a shot of the sleep station.
Okay. The camera's bounced around a little, but we can see the green computer come in every once in a while.
Roger. Understand. We're looking at the wastebasket.
Roger. Understand, and we can see somebody's foot, as well.
Roger. The sleep restraint of the hammock is corning into view underneath the couch. It's the white object.
You perhaps can see the zipper of the hammock right now. It's the black lines in that white object.
These hammocks, by the way, are very comfortable. When we first heard about them in the design of Apollo, we thought they weren't necessary, but they turned out to be very nice devices to sleep in.
I'm trying now to get down there with Fred to show you how it works. I keep floating up, though, but maybe we can get a little shot here.
Okay. We have somebody upside down in the photograph now. Realizing, of course, in - in space there is no really rightside up or upside down. It still looks that way to us.
Okay. That's - That's Fred now- I'm trying to put him rightside up, for you folks back there in the sleep station. Fred, would you move your hands there so the folks back home can see you?
Okay. That's coming in real clear, Jim. We see Fred in the sleep restaint - restraint.
As a matter of fact, Vance, I find my - I find Fred down there all the time.
Yes. I can see he appreciates that. Looks fairly comfortable.
Looks like there is a lot of room down there, considering all the boxes on the floor and underneath the couch.
It's surprising. There still is quite a bit of room down there even with the Hycon camera box down. And now, I'm going to bring the camera back up.
Okay, Vance. If there is no more that you would Ike to see right now, we'll terminate our little TV for you today.
Okay. Thank you very much, Jim. Appreciated seeing inside the spacecraft and getting a look at the Moon that you're rapidly approaching.
Roger. This is Odyssey saying goodby.
Okay. At your convenience we have an item to give you which will have to be copied. It's information on how to photograph Comet Bennett at time 32 hours GET. Over.
Your readback is correct, Fred.
Jim, for PTC tonight, request that you disable quads C and D. That's the opposite of last night. Over.
Okay. For PTC tonight, disable quads C and D.
Roger. And advise in approximately an hour, we'll have some read-ups whenever you're ready to take them regarding solo book changes.
Okay. We'll be standing by for it.
Have you all got a chance to look at the data on the SPS yet?
Fred, it looks good, but they haven't had a chance to evaluate everything. They'll probably be finished with looking at strip charts in about 15 minutes, and after that we'll try to get back with you.
On the P33, just like to verify that you changed the NOUN 88 values for this last star. It looks like they haven't been changed. Over. F
That's better. Let's read you what we - what ve have. We have what they had in the flight plan, and if it's been changed from the flight plan, we don't have it.
We think you're right, Vance. It looks like they used the same set of NOUN 88 for both stars by mistake.
Okay, Vance. That ought to complete the P23s, right?
We have some results on your - your first star, if you'd like to hear them. The rest of the stars we'll - we'll have to give you in a couple of hours. Over.
Okay. We have several items, here. First, is a reminder on the PTC that P^ should be 375 - 0.375 degrees as last night, to get 0.3-degree rotation rate. The second one - -
Okay. That sounds good. Also, while you are waiting for the vehicle to stabilize, it might be interesting to have the eyepiece on and be looking at it visually. Okay. Next item: your SPS burn had no anomalies whatsoever. It was a very good burn.
Next item: request hydrogen tank 1 HEATER OFF for balancing purposes.
Okay, Vance. And one other slight distinction we've noted is the flow of hydrogen versus the oxygen is not exactly matched on fuel cell 3 either.
Okay. We copy. And the last item: we'd like to send you an IRIG update, so at your convenience, request P00 and ACCEPT.
Okay. We are in P00 and ACCEPT, Vance.
Quad C and D are disabled, Vance.
Roger. Disabled. And down here, we see that your hydrogen and oxygen on the fuel cell are exactly matched, so we suspect it's purely a spacecraft read-out problem.
Okay, Vance, let us know when you're through with the DSKY so we can load NOUN 88?
Roger. We'll let you know, Jack.
Apollo 13, Houston. The computer's yours, again.
Okay. You're go for the pictures.
That's right, Vance. The sextant is all - it's - it's all milky and it - any comet that could be seen through there is just going to be missed in the background.
Okay, we copy that. We got some discussion. Stand by.
Okay, Vance, it isn't - we're not looking into the Sun - what we are getting is a large reflection from the Sun behind us off the LM; and it is - it is coming on that quad 1 there, and that quad is reflecting back into the sextant.
Okay, Jack. Understand. Just a question: if you look through the telescope, can you see the comet at all? Over.
No, I can't, Vance. It's - it's still too light.
Are the flowers blooming yet?
Gee, I sure haven't seen any.
Hey, we've - we've got quite a discussion down here on your trying to observe the comet, and this reflection is not unexpected. And give us another minute, and we'll be back with you on something on that.
Okay. I doubt very seriously though, if we take any photographs with high-speed black and white with the light coming into the sextant that you're going to get anything out of it.
Okay. Unanimous opinion is that you're right, and we'll scratch all of this Bennett Comet stuff on the way out, with the hope that conditions will be more favorable after TEI. Over.
Sounds good. Without the LM, we may have a better chance.
And Apollo 13, you're GO for PTC. Your rates are very low according to what we can read.
Okay. Are you going to give a call on OMNI B, Vance?
Roger. Go ahead. Request OMNI B, Fred, and secure the high-gain antenna.
Okay. And we'll get busy getting those pads for you as soon as possible then, and I'll stand by on the copying bit.
Okay, Vance, I'm ready to copy the solo book changes there.
Okay. Okay. Then from "Cycle 5 frames. Replace dark slide," from there on down, delete.
That's everything from there on down, with the exception of "Remove window shades" and at the bottom "Acquisition MSFN OMNI D."
And that includes in the margin to the left, the "DAP load" that's at the very start there and the "0.0507" and "plus 0500," farther down.
Okay, in the left margin, just below 105 hours GET, cross out the "0507" and the "plus 0500," and below that, add in "DAP load" as follows: "10111 and 11111."
Okay. Now, next, at about 105:05, there's a "VERB 48." That should be moved up to 105, and below that, the "VERB 49 maneuver" should be moved up, too.
Okay. That "VERB 48" should be moved up to 105:05 and also the "VERB 49."
That should be moved up to 105:00. I'm sorry. Both.
And what that does is give you more time to maneuver.
Page 14, right-hand side, near the bottom under "Orbital Science," scratch out "Verify DSE ON," and also delete "Visual target 3 on track l80 plus 19," and cross out the penned-in "D5."
Next, page 15, left-hand column, or left-hand side, rather, near the bottom, where it says "Configure cameras and tape" and goes down through "Replace dark slide." Just make the comment there, "Solar corona is optional." Over.
- - that and put "Optional, solar corona." Okay, next, page 17 - -
Okay, in the left-hand column under 108:10, put in a DAP load in parentheses of "10101" and, under that, "11111."
Beneath that, scratch out "Spacecraft control dash CMC AUTO verify." Scratch out the "VERB 79" and all in parentheses after that, like the "Minus 00507," et cetera. And beneath that, scratch out "PRO to start pitch rate." In paren- theses, "0, 230 slash 018, 0."
Okay. Looking to the right, the LM attitude or rather the CSM attitude will be incorrect, so you can cross that off. And beneath the picture of the moon, cross out the - in parentheses, "108.19" and the "0, 230/018, 0."
On the right-hand half of the page, cross out the "Orbital science block," and under that "Visual target 1 south of track TR." And under that, the penned-in "D2/3/4."
And beneath that, cross out "VERB 49, maneuver to track attitude" by the "'C' 0, 353, 0" and the "HU,SCF."
Okay, that last part was, cross out the "125" and put in "1/8." Is that right?
That's affirm. Okay. Next page. No change. Go to page 19.
Okay. On the right-hand side, from the "VERB 49, maneuver to earthshine attitude," down through everything up to "MSFN uplink," this is optional. This is "Earthshine optional."
And once again, a camera-setting correction up near the top of that section that we called optional, where you have "bracket MIR f:0.9, 125," cross out the "125" and put in "1 slash 60." In other words, one-sixtieth. Over.
Okay. Cross out the "125" and put in "1 slash 60."
That's correct. And further down at 109:50, where you have "Visual target 17," et cetera, cross out that line and cross out the penned-in "Dl7."
Going further down to 114:16, cross out the "14 DAC 18 VHBW limb brightening" line and the line under that which is "BRKT, MIR," et cetera.
In the block where it says "Solar corona and limb brightening photos," cross out "And limb brightening photos" and just put "Solar corona, optional."
Going a few lines below that where you see "DAC ON for 4 seconds at about 50 frame rate cover lens," cross that out.
Hey, Vance, we lost you there, or did you ...?
Yes, I think we lost lock. We'll stand by a minute.
Okay. Going on down, cross out "114:29:16, DAC ON, SR dash 40 seconds."
And at the very bottom line on that half of the page should be crossed out which is "114:29:56, DAC OFF, SR."
On the right-hand side of page 25, where you have the title "Solar corona and limb brightening photography," cross out "limb brightening photography."
And in the figure, where you have the "DAC LOS" line, which is parallel to the X-axis on the horizon, cross out "DAC LOS" parallel to X-axis on horizon.
And cross out the bottom block on that half of the page which is "DAC magazine percent required 12 magazines, g," et cetera.
Okay. Cross out the top line on the right-hand side of that page, which is "DAC on for 4 seconds, 50 frame rate cover lens." And cross out the block to the right of that and down, which has "Magazine percent."
Okay. On the left-hand side of page 28, at the very bottom, cross out "Photo target 5 north, frame f:5.6, 215, infinity," et cetera. All of that line over to the vertical strip. And cross out the penned-in "E4" below that.
Okay, and the next page, 29, right-hand side near the top, cross out "Photo target 13, north at 5.6, 250," et cetera, all of that line. And cross out beneath that the penned-in "E5 slash 6."
Going to page 30, next, left-hand side.
At the top at 127:01, cross out "Visual target 9 on track, 180 degrees, plus 0.47," and cross out the penned-in "Ell" beneath that.
Going down to 127:11, cross out "Verify DSE ON." Beneath that a ways, cross out "127:14:20, start visual observations of Fra Mauro."
Beneath that, cross out "Continue visual observa- tions," and cross out "Stop observations." And beneath that, cross out "Photo target 56 on track f:8, 250, infinity, 5," et cetera, to the end of that line. Cross out the "5.6" beneath that and the penned-in "El5."
Over in the margin, to the left of all that, make a comment: "Delete visual only."
Where was that, Vance? I didn't get that last one.
Okay. That's still on page 30, on the left-hand side. In the time - in the margin at the left where you have times, just pen in beneath the "127:10" the following: "Delete visual only." That's only a comment.
About - on the left-hand side about almost halfway down beneath the "VERB 49, maneuver to T0P0 target 54A," make the comment "Target 54A is optional."
And, next, page 35, on the right-hand side. Everything from "Spacecraft control, CMC, AUTO, verify" on down should be given the comment "Zodiacal light photos optional."
And, well, where you have the block in the middle of the page that says - the small block that says "Zodiacal light photos," just put "Optional" in that title, too.
And, next, page 36, on the left-hand side.
Okay. First a comment. In the middle of the page is where the zodiacal light stuff ends, just under VERB 48. And then, if you'll go down to the bottom of the page, cross out the line "Photo target 12 on track," et cetera, and cross out the "E5" that is below that line.
Okay, Vance, can I break in a minute?
We have the CRYO PRESSURE light on now. The H2 has hit its lower bound, so do you want us to go back to AUTO on the H2 HEATER 1?
Before we get away, would you ask FA0 - something I didn't get briefed on - what the penned-in E5 and those letters and numbers mean?
Okay, we'll have comments on that for you in just a second.
Okay, Vance, I'm ready to continue. I'm ready. Go ahead.
Okay, new subject. Like to break in to say that request you re-initialize the PTT - PTC. For some reason, it's gone up to 18 degrees in pitch and yaw both. We don't quite understand this. All we can think of is - start it again. Over.
Okay. We are at the - the end of the changes in the solo book, and I have two pages of changes in the flight plan. Those are pages 3-122 and 3-125. While you're looking that up, we'll put Ken on to answer your question.
Okay. I'll start back - let me start back re-initializing PTC here.
Okay, Vance, I'm on 3-122 of the flight plan.
Okay. Okay, about - at time 156:50 on the right - well, on the right-hand half of the page, there's a line which states "Visual target 16, south, 180 plus 1:11, Gassendi, f:15." Request you cross out that line.
Okay, we'll cross them out.
That's all on 3-122. Next change is 3-125.
Okay, starting from the top of the page, cross out the first five lines, which are "Set up camera for contamination and photography, Betelgeuse, CM4/EL/80," et cetera, "MAG T," et cetera, "Install window shades."
Okay, then jump down to just about 159:28. Cross out "Maneuver to contamination field photography attitude," and all other lines below that through "Enable thrustsrs A3, C4, B3," et cetera.
Okay, so we start with "Maneuver to contamination field photography," and we cross out everything down to and including "Enable thrusters A3, C4, B3, and D4."
Yes, sir. Understand you have a question.
Yes. I guess I didn't understand what the letter and the number was behind some of these photo targets.
Does that refer to the pages?
Yes, sir. You're doing good work, hey.
Well, I had a good prime crewman that taught me all I know.
Hey, when FIDO gets a good hack on our trajectory, will you let us know?
How long you willing to wait?
He's looking at his calendar, if that means any- thing .
Okay. I'm back at the attitude here, and I'll wait for rates to damp, and you let me know when we're stable again.
Roger. Just a reminder you have to disable Charlie and Delta here as you've done in the past. Over.
Okay. I was kind of holding off on this. We're dumping a little waste water now.
Okay. FIDO says he knew it all along. He's - he says he's been very concerned that you've been doing a lot of water dumping.
Okay, Vance. We've got quad C and B disabled.
It may be awhile before your rates are settled down. We're still observing fairly high rates and deadbanding. Over.
Okay. Thank you. 01 09 44 54 (Music)
Roger. I think I got it. I remembered a lot of it, and so I think with what you gave me and what I remember, I'm pretty sure we got it right.
Okay, and the third item, I was just about to call that your rates were stabilized to start the PTC, but it looks like they're jiggling around again from a dump, so we'll stand by some more.
Okay. 01 09 52 23 IMP No secrets around here.
Say again. Hey, that's right. 01 09 52 33 IMP I said there's no secrets around here.
Yes. Big Brother is watching.
I can just see EEC0M telling FIDO.
Yes. You really have to watch that pair, all right. By the way, we have a maneuver pad for you, a fly-by pad, whenever you're ready to copy.
Roger. That's correct. Want to verify under NOUN 81 that DELTA-Vx is plus 02127. You cut out right there.
Roger. DELTA-Vx is 02127. )
Roger. And your rates are low. Looks like you can start the PTC.
Okay. And when the computer is available, request POO and ACCEPT and we'll ship you your state vector.
Wait until I get PTC going first, Vance, then we'll give it to you.
Okay, Vance. We're POO and ACCEPT. The computer's yours.
You know, somehow, everytime I do a set of P23s, you guys uplink me a state vector. I don't think I do too well.
No. You know - you know how the FIDOs are. They like to load in their own data, no matter what.
But our state vectors take into account the waste water dumps.
Apollo 13, Houston. It's your computer again.
And as a matter of interest, understand that the downrange comparison between the MCC and the computer is within 35000 feet, and that's on the last sighting, which people think is pretty good.
Okay. Maybe that gives us a little more confi- dence that if we had to do P23s on the way home, we'd make it.
Just info on your PTC, Jim. It's looking very good. Just - excursions in pitch and yaw are very low.
Okay, thank you. And we're going to change another lithium hydroxide canister now.
And, Vance. Has FIDO come up with any obser- vations on the trajectory?
Well, a minute ago, he said that to tell you that he was pacified now after your past comments on his trajectory and so forth, and he hadn't seen any waste water dumps or anything and he's pretty happy.
Okay. I just wondered if we're going to need any more midcourse.
He says, seriously, it's looking probably like you won't have any more.
FIDOs never guarantee anything, however.
Houston, 13. I have the onboard read-out, if you're ready to copy.
Okay. BAT C 37, PYRO BAT A 37, PYR0 BAT B 37, RCS A 97 percent, B 97 percent, C 96 percent, D 97 percent.
Roger. We copy that. Thank you.
Okay. If we don't have a midcourse-3, then we'll probably move LM FAM up to 55 hours, in which case we'll go in there and read SHe tank pressure.
Roger. Along with the other FAM stuff, and it's not certain that we want to do this, it's just being talked about, so this is just the informa- tion for you.
Okay. This is beginning to sound like the SIM that we ran not too long ago.
I don't think it will be a very big deal.
Okay, Vance. Our LM/CM DELTA-P is 0.9.
Are you guys hacking into your presleep checklist yet?
Oh, we just finished eating and cleaning up a bit afterwards. Jim's going around collecting debris off of all the inlet hoses. And, I guess you might say we're kind of thinking about getting ready to go to sleep.
Well, I hope you had a good meal.
Sounds like you guys are really living it up up there. All that music, food. I didn't say drink.
Yes, it is pretty nice. Not bad at all. You're . right; you didn't say it. This PTC we're in is a pretty - pretty nice merry-go-round, Vance. Every 10 minutes alternately I get to look at the Earth and the Moon.
You couldn't ask for anything more than that. Just so it isn't so fast you - -
No, it's a lot - a lot better. I remember from 8 when they didn't hardly ever get to look at either one.
That's right. They were tumbling about another axis, weren't they.
It's pretty cloudy down there tonight. About the only land I can see again is a portion of Australia and Korea and looks like a part of China. Just about clouds covering everything else.
Can you still see that clearly with the naked eye, or do you have to look through a glass?
I can see Australia with the naked eye and the China landmass, but I - It took the monocular to pull out the Korean Peninsula.
How about the Moon? Is it looking very big yet?
No, not really. Bigger, but we've got a ways to go.
I understand that they're estimating your pericynthion - lunar pericynthion is now 62 miles.
That's supposed to be just right.
Stand by 1 on the E-memory dump, Jack. I think we'll be ready in about a minute.
And EECOMM says that as soon as you stir your cryos, request you go back to AUTO on that one tank.
Hello, 13; Houston. We're ready to take your E-memory dump.
Apollo 13, Houston. Were you trying to call?
Apollo 13, Houston. We thought you were trying to call. Were you?
I don't believe so unless we inadvertently hit the microphone button. 01 13 07 48 IMP Must have been some other guy trying to call, Jack.
Just trying to get some words in, eh Jack?
Roger. We saw the downvoice subperiod come on. We thought maybe you were trying to call. Sorry. I hope we haven't disturbed you and from where I sit, it looks like you're running a rest home up there. Good night.
We're all going to bed now just after we play the last rendition of "With Our Eyes on the Stars."
Okay, Jim. And we'd like you to check your S-BAND NORMAL voice switch, OFF.
Houston, 13. We'll be off COMM; so if you need us, send a crew alert, please.
Okay, Jim. If we need you, we'll send a crew alert, and we'd like to know who's got the duty tonight on the BIOMED. Is that you?
Yes. I'll be on the BIOMED.
Okay. We copy, and you're spoiling my good record of two watches without saying anything.
Just want to keep you busy, Jack.
Houston, Houston, Apollo 13. Over.
Good morning, 13, You're early.
Ah so. I just thought I'd be waking up. And we are awake and getting the spacecraft shipshape.
Roger. Spacecraft is in real good shape as far as we're concerned, Jim. We're bored to tears down here. We do have a few little items for you, like a P37 update and a couple of flight plan updates. But there's no rush about them. Over.
Okay. Gig us again in a few minutes. We're breaking out some food, and we'll copy them then.
Okay. And the surgeon will be ready for your sleep report whenever you get that together.
Righto. If he's listening, LMP had a solid 9 hours of sleep; I couldn't wake him up this morning. The CMP had 6 hours, and the commander about 5 intermittent.
Jack's dosimeter - Jack's dosimeter is reading 02026.
It might be interesting that just after we went to sleep last night we had a MASTER ALARM and it really scared us. And we were all over the cockpit like a wet noodle.
(Laughter) Sorry it wasn't something more significant. I've also got a procedure for you on that H2 tank; simple thing after you get done stirring up the cryos.
(Music - With Their Eyes on the Stars)
That was beautiful. What was it?
A little of "With Their Eyes on the Stars" to wake up to.
Sounds like all the comforts of home. Have you guys got a flower on your breakfast table?
Roger, Joe. We're standing by for that P37 block data if you have it for us.
GETI of 060:00, 6079, minus 153, 118:04.
Roger. That's correct. I've got a consumables update for you, Jim, if you're ready for that.
Joe, we confirm. Our gage reading is - on the number 2 O2 tank is reading off-scale high now, but Jack just tells me that it was okay when we first looked at it this morning.
We verify that. At 46:4 5 we had 82 percent and . apparently when he stirred the, the cryos, the sensor broke.
Okay. You want both tank 2 heaters to OFF. Is that correct?
That's negative; just tank 2. We want tank 1 to stay in AUTO.
Okay. Tank 2 heaters off at this time.
Okay, Jim- At your convenience we'd like P00 and ACCEPT. We're ready for - to uplink your state vector now since we will not do midcourse 3. Over.
Roger. You're in P00 and ACCEPT, no midcourse 3, and we're all set for a state vector update and I'm giving you the LM/CM DELTA-P here shortly.
Okay. Good deal. And I have flight plan updates for you later, at your convenience.
Houston, Apollo 13. The LM/CM DELTA-P is 1.0 psi.
Houston, Apollo 13. I'm about ready for any flight plan updates that you have.
Okay, 13- To start off with, got a minor Procedural change for Jack on his next P52, if he's ready to listen to that.
Okay. Jack's still off COMM. We'll hold off on that a little hit and then we'll pick it up when he gets on COMM.
Okay. Right, that's fine with us. We'll move up LM entry to 55 hours.
Houston. How do you read me?
Houston. You back with us?
Apollo 13, Houston. Are you back with us?
Okay. That last comment was that we'll do the P52 after we start PTC at about 56:30.
That's right. Any time after that; it's not time critical.
Okay. Let's see if I have some of this, Joe. Around 52:30 we're to do the battery charge on BAT - battery B.
And then about 52:40 we're going to do the LM tunnel vent valve, and the LM/CM DELTA-P which has been written up at 55:40.
We're deleting midcourse-3 and we've moved up 'FS the LM entry to 55 hours. So we'll merely follow all the - We'll follow all the procedure that leads up to LM entry that was originally scheduled for 58.
That's correct. You can start at 57 in the flight plan; call it 54 hours and Press right on.
Okay. Then whenever we're finished with the LM, which we anticipate around 56:30, we'll commence PTC and sometime after that we'll do a P52.
That's affirmative. And did you copy the new high gain angles for 55 hours? The ones we had - - 01 23 52 12 CDR Okay. We're going to stop the PTC for LM entry at roll 285, and high gain angles are pitch 23 and yaw 267.
That's correct, Jim. And, 13, Houston. The computer is yours.
The computer is ours. We're in BLOCK, and exactly when do you want the TV to be cranked up?
You can crank it up sometime prior to 55 hours at your convenience just to set it up. We'll be expecting transmission at 55 hours.
And, Houston, Apollo 13. One thing I missed about the O2 fuel cell purge and waste and water dump.
Roger. We'd like the the O2 fuel cell purge and waste water dump at 54:50.
Roger. We'll pick up those items at 54:50.
All right, Jack. One thing we'd like to have done sometime soon is to have you cycle the cryo fans in 02 tank 2 one more time. We'd like to see if we can get that sensor back.
Okay. 02 tank 2 fan on now.
We - We have just one question, the LM tunnel vent valve. We're questioning why we're venting until the DELTA-V is greater than 1.7 if we are going to open up the tunnel, then pressurize the LM usually.
Roger. The word on that, Jim, is that thcy want to insure the proper 02 concentration in the LM when you get to the surface, and this is a method of doing that by bleeding out additional nitrogen. 01 23 57 12 CM Okay. Thank you.
And, 13, Houston. If Jack is up, I'd like to talk to him about the P52, briefly.
Roger, Jack. That's correct; and if you have time, now, I've got a flight plan update for you on looking for the Comet Bennett.
Okay. Stand by 1, Joe. And the commander's going off the air briefly.
Okay, Joe. I'm ready to copy the ... now.
Okay. Rl plus 0.34202, minus 0.07374, R^ plus 0.35719. Read back.
Okay. Copy Rl plus 0.34202, R2 minus 0.07374, R3 plus 0.35719.
We're ready to have to 02 tank 2 fan off, and thank you.
Okay. Doesn't look like we got it back, huh?
Okay, Joe. I've started into P52 here. I've proceeded on option 3, and on the dis - 1520 - 1525 display, I've called up 1691. I'm going to let you observe and see while the - the shaft angle while the OPTICS are still in ZERO.
Okay. Roger that, Jack. We're looking at it, and I'll give you a mark as soon as G&C is happy.
Houston. Jack, could you give us a readout on your counter now?
Okay. I'm showing a shaft of 0.2 and a trunnion of 359.92.
Roger. Copy that. Is there any jumping around on the shaft?
You mean on the TPAC readout?
As a matter of fact, it went from 0.2 to 0.21.
Okay. Copy that. Stand by 1.
Okay. Now it went down - It went down as low as 0.15.
Jack, Houston. Let us watch that for another minute or so.
Okay. I'm in no hurry. It looked like it burned between 0.14 and 0.8 with an occasional spike up to 0.2.
Apollo 13, Houston. You can press on with P52 now. Over.
Hey, Houston, are we clear to torque? Are you reading the torquing angles?
Houston. Go ahead and torque.
Okay. Time of torquing will be 49 hours 8 minutes 35 seconds.
Roger. For Jack, we missed the star angle differ- ence on the P52. Would you read us that?
Roger, Houston. It was all balls.
Okay, Joe. I got into P52 about 49:34. We loaded the planet - or Bennett Comet vectors into the planet option, and P52 tracked it all the way across except that it was always occulted by the LM, and we're in a roll angle of 155 now.
Roger. We're copying your roll angles. At what roll angle were you able to start tracking it, Jack?
Okay. At the time we entered it there, we were about 66 degrees roll, so either we started too late, or maybe somehow we got a wrong calculation on the roll angle.
Okay. Let me have G&C comment on that. I sus- pect that the roll angles we gave you were calculated for exactly 90 degrees pitch, and you're probably wobbling enough that they're not exactly correct.
Yes, I think you - You probably got thf right idea.
Okay, Jack. I'd like to pass you a switch configuration on the CRY0 02 TANKS and give you the reason. Right now, we'd like you to go to HEATERS tank 1, OFF; tank 2, AUTO, which is the opposite of the way you've got them now. Over.
This is 02, and stand by for a minute and we'll have a - Excuse me. This is H2, Jack; it's H2.
Okay, Joe. Do we have you back again?
Okay, Jack. We're getting you back, and I hope you copied my - my correction of my mistake. I'm talking about the H2 CRYO TANKS. We'd like the tank 1 HEATER to OFF; tank 2 to AUTO. Over.
Okay. We lost you again. Here's our heater configuration now. H2 HEATERS 1, OFF; 2, AUTO. Both O2 HEATERS are in AUTO.
Okay. Apollo 13, Houston. I have one more little update for you, and it's another update to the erasable memory onboard crew charts on page G/9-2. Over.
Houston, 13. We're ready to copy.
Okay, Jim. These are gyro compensation terms. They've already been uplinked, and we're just updating your onboard charts now. In column A, number 11, change from 77646 to 00114; number 12, change from 77332 to 77546; number 13, change from 76617 to 77201. Over.
The changes are as follows, and all in column A: number 12, the new change is 77546; number 11, the new change is 00114; and 13, the new change is 77201. Over.
And, Joe, do you know - Are you going to try and let us spot the Bennett Comet on this next revolution there? Or do you want me to turn the OPTICS power off now?
Stand by 1, Jack. Okay, Jack. We don't have confidence in those roll angles yet, so why don't you turn the OPTICS off, and we'll update you later.
Roger, Jim. If you've got a couple of minutes now, I'd like to read uP to you the change to the LM entry procedure that we'd like you to observe at 55 hours, and the rationale for it. 0ver.
Houston, you were cut out. Would you say again about the helium pressure.
Roger. Based on the prelaunch pressure in the SHe tank and the nominal rise time of about 6-1/2 psi per hour, the pressure should be about 710 at 55 hours. Are you reading? Over.
Jim, Houston. Did you read that last?
Okay, Joe. I'm on OMNI C now. How do you read?
Houston. You're loud and clear now. INCO tells me he's having a little problem at Goldstone and wants me to stand by for a minute.
Okay. How do you read now, Joe? I'm going from OMNI C to D now.
You're still loud and clear on - on D, Fred. Stand by 1.
Okay. I'll Put her back to OMNI B if you all want to take command again?
And the Iast thing we heard, Joe, was that the SUPERCRIT should be reading about 710 psi.
Okay. How do you read on OMNI C, now?
Okay. You're loud and clear on OMNI C Stand by 1 while we get INCO synced up.
That's correct, Fred. We don't have procedures for that yet, and we don't have any real expectation of getting into it. The procedure I'd like to read up to you now is simply the steps required to get the supercritical helium pressure reading at 55 hours. Over.
Okay. We're calling this TLC-lA, step 6, "Transfer to LM power."
All right. Stand by 1, Joe. 02 02 35 25 GC Okay.
Okay, Joe. He's ready to copy.
Okay. That's optional. The way we had page TLC-lA written, that was all part of step 6. You haven't even gotten to step 7 yet. Step 7 is as follows.
Fred, Houston. Are you with me?
Apollo 13, Houston. Are you reading me now?
Okay. Houston, 13. How do you read?
Houston. Loud and clear. What OMNI you on now?
I'm going to stay OMNI B, if you all want to take command back and you can let INCO jockey them around between B and D. And how many steps we got, so I know whether to write big or small here, Joe?
Okay. We got steps 6 through 12, but step 7 is the same size as 6, and 8 through 12 are short. They're only one line each.
My shorthand is rather poor today.
Okay I'm now up to circuit breaker panel 11, INVERTER 1, CLOSED.
Okay. Next was "Circuit breaker panel 16, INSTRUMENTATION SIG SENSOR, CLOSED. Then INVERTER 1, SELECT. Then HELIUM MONITOR to SUPERCRIT PRESS. Report SUPERCRIT PRESS to MCC." Over.
Houston, 13. How do you read?
Houston. You're coming through. We still have some background noise. Do you want to read back step 7?
Okay, Joe. The last thing I got was HELIUM MONITOR to SUPERCRIT PRESSURE.
Okay. The last part of step 7 is, "Report SUPERCRIT PRESSURE to MCC," and read back step 7.
Okay. Step 7. Circuit breaker panel 11, AC BUS B, HELIUM PQGS DISPLAY, CLOSED. Main - Circuit breaker panel 11, AC BUS B, NUMERIC LIGHTING, CLOSED. CD panel 11, AC BUS - Is that AC BUS B? BUS TIE INVERTER 1, CLOSED?
And CB - CB EPS INVERTER 1, panel 11, CLOSED. CB panel 16, INSTRUMENT SIGNAL SENSOR, CLOSED. INVERTER 1, SELECT. HELIUM MONITOR to SUPERCRIT PRESSURE. Report pressure to MSFN.
Okay. That's correct. Now step 8 is, "On MCC request, perform step 9." In other words, you wait for us to decide what to do and that's according to the gouge we've already given you. And step 9, I'll give you now, is "HELIUM MONITOR to OFF, INVERTER to OFF." Over.
Okay. Step 8 says, "Set in an MCC hold." Step 9 says, "On MCC's words, HELIUM MONITOR OFF, INVERTER OFF."
Roger. That's correct. Step 10 is, "Configure circuit breaker panels per Activation 3 and 4."
Okay. Configure - step 10, "Configure circuit breakers per Activation pages 3 and 4."
Roger. That's correct. Step 11 is, "Deactivate the utility lights if you activated them," and step 12 which is the last one is, "Transfer to CSM power, usual observations, and report time to MCC."
Okay. Step 11, "Deactivate utility lights." 12, "Transfer to CSM power and note the usual observations and report the GET."
Okay. That's it. And, of course, Houston will be requesting you to go to step 9 if the pressure is less than 770. If the pressure is between 770 and 800, we will be asking you to do the following, if you're ready to copy.
Stand by. I've got to find some more blank paper.
Ye. Thin is going to be page TLC-3, but it's very short.
Okay. Stand by 10 seconds, Fred.
Okay. We'll start it ... now.
And, 13, Houston. For your information, a normal 1-minute or so stir will be fine.
Jim, just an advisory; expect a CAUTION AND WARNING on H2 tank 1 pretty quick. No problems; just warning you about it.
Okay. A zero pressure light on H2 tank 1 coming on shortly, huh?
Okay. Well, you're pretty close. It just came on.
Any other predictions you'd like?
Well, there's - I guess there's all sorts. Could you go to the horse races with me?
I'm sorry; you were garbled. Say again?
I said I'd like to invite you to the horse races with me.
Right. We'll - We'll send EECOMM.
Well, it's time for a little grits again here, Vance.
Understand. Some grits, huh? Chow. Bon apetit.
Roger. Just expect that same CAUTION AND WARNING to come on again. And you want us to keep warning you of that thing?
Roger, Jim. Just expect a CAUTION AND WARNING to come on the same as it did about an hour ago.
Go ahead, Houston. We've lost ...
Roger. How are you reading me now, Jim?
Houston. How do you read now?
Okay. Read you good now. Seems like we've had a little trouble with the COMM today.
Yes. I guess it's partly because you are further out. We just wanted to tell you that you were going to get that CAUTION WARNING that you just got.
And I won't bother you with those calls anymore, unless you especially want them.
That's okay, Vance. You don't have to call us about that, unless it's something serious.
We just ate a can of ham salad and that was an experience.
It's really kind of like eating on the sly. Chasing it around.
Okay, let us mull that one a minute here, and I'll get right back with you.
Also, Houston, Apollo 13. We'd like to move up the waste water dump and maybe the 02 fuel cell purge a little bit early, if we could.
Jim, you're clear to go on into the LM, and just advise though that the TV time is still fixed at 55 hours, and - so we'll be standing by to support your entry and we'll get back with you on a minute - in a minute on the 02 fuel cell purge and the waste water dump.
And also request your LM/CM DELTA-P which was on the flight plan for 53 hours. What did you vent it down to? Over.
We have 1.7 now. We vented it down to that figure.
Okay, you vented down to 1.7, and what did it start at?
What do you read for suit pressure down there?
We'd like another confirmation, when we closed the tunnel vent valve back to LM/CM DELTA-P, we were reading about 1.7 - 1.75, and it slowly went up now to about - oh, I'd say a little less than 2.2. Seems to be holding there - Is there a lag in the gaging system?
Okay. We'll - we'll ask that question. Stand by.
Okay, to answer your question, Jim, that increase in pressure is normal, because it was just tracking an increase in cabin pressure.
And, 13, from Houston, it's okay with us if you want to move the 02 fuel cell purge and the water dump up to this time. Over.
Okay. We'll work it in shortly. Thank you.
Jim, recommend you stay in the PTC until we stop it for the TV at 55 hours, in case you were thinking of - -
Roger. Recommend you continue PTC until 55 hours. Over.
That's affirmed, Jim. How do you read now?
Okay. We read you loud and clear.
Okay. The only comment that we just made was that, in case you were thinking of stopping PTC, there's no need to stop it until 55 GET when TV starts.
Right. We'll stop it when we're setting up our TV.
Okay, Houston, the waste water dump and 02 fuel cell purge are complete.
Okay, Houston, the LM/CM DELTA-P is constant. We're going to go ahead with hatch removal.
No, this is Jack's replacement.
This is Houston. Go ahead, 13.
Okay. The LMP has entered the LM.
It sure is. How're you doing?
Yes, you're doing great, man.
Thank you. I had a good CDR.
You're doing it on your own now.
Yes, it feels like I'm back at home, again, John, down in here.
I hope you did a good job, John.
Okay, Houston, we want to take the FM and bring up TV here for our own use. Then we'll go to TRANSMIT 1 - at 55 hours.
Okay, Houston, we've transferred to LM power; the time was 54 hours 46 minutes 15 seconds.
Roger, Jack. Transfer to LM power. Thank you.
And the docking-tunnel index, Jack, was minus 2 degrees.
Say again, Fred, you're coming in with a lot of background noise.
Okay. The docking-tunnel index mark was minus 2 degrees.
Okay. Jack, how do you read?
Fred, Houston is reading you loud and clear.
Okay. I've got up through step 7 now, and I'm not getting much of a light in the helium indicator here. Why don't I review for you how we've proceeded, and you look at the procedure you gave me, and see if we've missed anything.
Okay, Fred, let us take a look at it.
I was wondering, do we need an A - do we need, possibly, in the - one of the ANUN/D0CK/ COMPONENT breakers in?
Okay, Jack. Hold the phone. I forgot the rheo- stat was cranked all the way down on the ANUN/ NUM and it's shoving 720, which looks like a pretty good - pretty good number.
Roger. We copy 720. Thank you, Fred - -
Flashed to 7 - Okay, and it just flickered down to 710. It's kind of flickering between 710 and 720.
Okay, Fred. Those are good numbers, and we're not going to have to crank up the TM. That's the number we were looking for. 02 06 52 26 IMP Very good. Okay. Do you want me to back out of this in reverse at least as far as getting this part of it powered down?
Fred, this is Houston. Go ahead and back out of this little test and proceed.
Okay. We're back on CSM power. The time was 54 hours 58 minutes 50 seconds.
Roger, Jack. 54:58:50. Thank you.
Okay, Houston, we'll try to pick you up on the high gain.
And, 13, we're ready on the TV when you are.
This is 13. Say again, Houston.
we're ready on the TV when you are. Any time.
Okay, sounds good. With you in a minute, we're just cranking up high gain now.
Okay, Houston. How do you read us in the high gain?
We're hearing you 5 square, Jim, how me?
Okay. You're coming through okay.
As you were on that, Jim. We don't have you on high gain yet. We're still looking at you.
Houston. In this attitude, we'd suggest pitch 5, yaw 237 on the high gain. Over.
Okay, Jack. Can you - can you read the high gain now?
Affirmative, Jack. We've got you on a high gain and it appears to us that we're in wide beam - wide beam width.
Roger, Jack. Meanwhile, we'll look at the situation you describe there.
Okay. And it does it on both sets of servo electronic power.
Jack, what it looks like is that, when we hit 239 degrees at this attitude, it hit some sort of scan limit or something and drops off.
Okay, I'm trying you in wide or medium beam width now.
Can you pick up the TV in this condition here at all?
Negative, Jack. We'll have to have the narrow beam width.
Okay. Can you give us, maybe, a slight maneuver?
Jack, we'd like you to check two high gain circuit breakers down in panel 25. Check your high gain group 2 and your high gain in the flight bus. Over.
Okay. Okay, Jack, they're both IN.
we've got an attitude suggestion for you. We suggest that you go to roll 285 and try pitch 90 and yaw 0. Over.
Okay, Houston; Apollo 13. I think we've got high gain locked up now. Do you confirm?
We confirm that, Jim, we've got you locked up on the high gain and narrow beam.
Okay, sounds good. We'll get the TV started right away.
Houston. We'd like to disable quads C and D; use Alfa and Bravo. Over.
- - Disable quads C and D. Roger.
Okay, 13. We've got Fred-o on TV.
That's a great picture, Jim. You got the light just right.
The second backpack is mounted down on the LM floor, I hope, positioned right between the two of us. I have my hand on it at this time.
Roger, Fred. We see it. The picture's coming through real good, and your description is good. We see Jim's got the camera oriented the way we like to look at it. So, keep talking.
I think even you'd weigh zero here, Jack.
Houston, this is Jim. Since Fred's been in the lunar module, and since he's the lunar module pilot, this is the first time that he's felt that he's been right-side up.
Roger, and we see Fred looking in the vacuum cleaner there now.
Okay, Jack. Who fixed up our LEVVAs?
How's the detail on this one. Jack?
Can you see any detail in this picture now, or am I blocking out too much of the sunlight?
That's affirmative. We've got a good picture of the LEVVA there, and it's coming through loud and clear.
Okay, Jack, while Fred is putting away my helmet, you are looking over into Fred's station now. How's this picture, is it okay before - or do I have to adjust it?
We have a hunch that the setting might be in PEAK but we recommend AVERAGE on the ALC if you haven't got it there already.
Okay. And we're getting a good picture of the LMP side with the DEDA over there.
Hey, Jack, one question on the command module here. Do I - l have the DAP right now 'wide deadband. Do you want me to begin setting up nar deadband and nulling the rates to start PTC a-
What I'm fishing out now, Jack, is another new piece of hardware that we are taking along this time as a result of some comments made on the Apollo 12 flight.
So if you hear any funny noises, it is just probably the drink bag.
Roger, Jim. Break, Jack, we'd like you to stay in the deadband you are now in, and we'll make a change when the TV is over. Another thing we would like you to do is check your pitch and yaw on your high gain meter so we can compare it with what we're seeing down here.
Okay, it's showing about - say 28 degrees and 267.
Okay, Jack, have you got that picture now?
Fred, about one-quarter of our screen in lighted, and it's impossible to determine what you arce looking at right now. Maybe you could give us a little verbal description.
Okay. It's looking through the A0T in position 4, right rear. And we're looking back toward the - over the side hatch at the aft side of the service module.
Okay. Is - is it too dark a picture. Jack? You think the f-stop open may help?
No, Fred, it's got to be centered up a little bit. That's primarily what you have to do.
Jack, we can't center it up any more, because the side hatch is only one part of the A0T. The rest of that blackness you see is really space.
Okay. We'll try another one, and it's a little better centered. In fact, the only other one we have that shows the whole picture. We're in the forward D-10 of the AOT now, position 2, and you should be seeing something familiar like a radar antenna.
Okay, we see you moving the camera up to the AOT lens, and we got a real good picture now.
Okay, Jack, I'm looking out the right window now, and not too far off in the distance now, you can see the objective, and I'll zoom in on it here a little and see if it brings it in better.
And it's actually beginning to look a little bigger now. You can see quite distinctly some of the features with the naked eye. And so far, I guess I have to even agree with Jim that it's still looking pretty gray with white spots.
Okay, Fred. We're getting a good picture of your destination there.
He's not in the food locker, is he?
That's his second favorite pastime. He's rigging his hammock for sleep on the lunar surface now to find out - to see what it's going to be like.
Roger. Sleeping and then eating.
It's kind of difficult here. Jack, getting into a hammock in zero g. I'm not sure if I keep floating away from it or it keeps moving away from me.
If you notice a few things floating around, we found just about one or two washers occasionally.
And for the benefit of those that may wonder where Jim sleeps. Be a little difficult to rig his hammock in here right now with the hatch open, but his runs laterally in this direction, fore aft. So he has the upper berth and I get the lower berth.
Okay, Houston. For the benefit of the television viewers, we've just about completed our little inspection of Aquarius, and now we're proceeding through the hatchy-gap into the tunnel and going back toward the Odyssey.
Okay, Jim. It's been a great show so far.
And finally, Jack'n let me back into [???] Odyssey as we slide on through the tunnel here.
Houston, 13. Are you still on TV?
Yes, we sure are. We've got a good picture of the skipper there.
Okay. We're seeing a good picture of the probe there, Jim, and looks like the characters shaved before the show this time.
Well, Fred said he had to keep up his TV image.
Yes. That may be my first and last time though. Jack.
It took Fred 1 hour to shave.
We might give you a quick - a quick shot of our entertainment on board the spacecraft, which has been keeping us company for some time. 02 07 43 57 (Music - Willow Weep For Me)
Okay, Jim. We're seeing the tape recorder now, and just - by the way, how long do you expect to keep the TV on this evening?
Well, when we - Stand by 1.
Yes, I got them with the cabin repress valve again there, Jack.
Every time he does that our hearts - our hearts jump in our mouth. And, Jack, any time you want to terminate TV, we're all set to go.
Okay, Jim. It's been a real good TV show. We think we ought to conclude it from here now. What do you think?
Roger. Sounds good. And this is the crew of Apollo 13 wishing everybody there a nice evening, and we're just about ready to close out our in- spection of Aquarius and get back for a pleasant evening in Odyssey. Good night.
Apollo 13, Houston. The next thing we'd like you to do is to - -
One other request, we'd like you to verify your high gain configuration. We'd like to know what track mode, what SERVO, and what beam width.
Roger. We copy, and the TV show was great.
Okay, real fine. Okay, I'm going to maneuver to 060, 090, and 0.
And, 13, we'd like you to check C-4 thruster.
Okay, Jack. The battery charge has been terminated on the battery B.
Roger. We see it, Jack. And we got a reading of minus 2 degrees on the docking index. We'd like to know it that's 2.0 precise or if it's 2.1 or 1.9.
No. It's a minus 2.0 precisely.
we've got one more item for you, when you get a chance. We'd like you to stir up your cryo tanks. In addition, I have shaft and trunnion - -
- - for looking at the Comet Bennett, if you need it.
I believe we've had a problem here.
This is Houston. Say again, please.
Houston, we've had a problem. We've had a MAIN B BUS UNDERVOLT.
Okay, stand by, 13. We're looking at it.
Okay. Right now, Houston, the voltage is - is looking good. And we had a pretty large bang associated with the CAUTION AND WARNING there. And as I recall, MAIN B was the one that had had an amp spike on it once before.
In the interim here, we're starting to go ahead and button up the tunnel again.
Yes. That jolt must have rocked the sensor on - see now - 0^ QUANTITY 2. It - was oscillating down around 20 to 6O percent. Now it's full- scale high again.
And, Houston, we had a RESTART on our computer and we had a PGNCS light and the RESTART RESET.
Roger. RESTART and a PGNCS light. RESET on a PGNCS, RESET - -
Okay. And we're looking at our S - SERVICE MODULE RCS HELIUM 1. We have - B is barber poled and D is barber poled, HELIUM 2, D is barber pole, and SECONDARY PROPELLANTS, I have A and C barber pole. BMAG temperatures?
Okay, AC 2 is showing zip. I'm going to try to reconfigure on that, Jack.
Yes. We got a MAIN BUS A UNDERVOLT now, too, showing.
It's reading about 25-1/2, MAIN B is reading zip right now.
Houston. We'd like you to attempt to reconnect fuel cell 1 to MAIN A and fuel cell 3 to MAIN B. Verify that quad Delta is open.
Okay, Houston. I'm showing - I tried to reset and fuel cell 1 and 3 are both showing gray flags, but they are both showing zip on the flows.
Okay, Houston. Are you still reading 13?
That's affirmative. We're reading .you. We're tryinp to come up with some good ideas for you.
Okay. Let me give you some reading ... in the interim to help MAIN A voltage. Jack. I've got BUS TIE AC on.
In the interim, to help out MAIN A voltage, I've got MAIN BUS TIE BAT AC on. Or would you rather accept the 25 volts we are seeing on MAIN A?
Houston. We need OMNI Charlie, please.
Houston. We'd like you to verify couple of readings for us. We would like the nitrogen pressure on fuel cell 1. We need the oxygen pressure on fuel cell 2.
Okay. Nitrogen on 1 and oxygen on 2. Is that correct?
Okay. The systems test 1-A says zip.
And 2 Baker, which is 3 oxygen, says 0.6.
Baker says 0.6, and say again the other one.
Fuel cell 1 nitrogen reads zero.
Houston. We'd like you to open circuit fuel cell 1; leave 2 and 3 as is.
Okay. I'll get to work on that.
And, Jack, our O2 quantity number 2 tank is reading zero. Did you get that?
QUANTITY number 2 is zero.
That's AC, okay. Yes, that's good AC and it looks to me, looking out the hatch, that we are venting something. We are venting something out into the - into space.
Roger. We copy your venting.
Okay. Fuel cell 1, you just wanted it off the line now. Jack, is that right?
We just wanted you to open the circuit on fuel cell 1.
Houston. We see you getting close to gimbal lock there. We'd like you to bring up all quad Cs on MAIN A, quad C-l, C-2, C-3, C-4 on MAIN A, and also bring B-3 and B-4 up on MAIN A.
Okay. Can you tell us anything about the venting, where it is coming from, what window you see it at.
It's coming out of window 1, right now, Jack, and could you give me the thrusters again?
We'd like - on MAIN A, we'd like Charlie 1, 2, 3, and 4. Also Bravo 3 and 4 on MAIN A.
Okay, 13; this is Houston. We'd like you to to your G&C checklist, the pink pages, 1-5. To powerdown until we get a Delta of 10 amps. Over.
Okay, Jack, say again that - ... for the power- down; it's not in the pink pages, the 1-5.
Okay. We'd like you to go down that powerdown procedure until you get a Delta of 10 amps. Over.
Houston. Did you copy our powerdown request?
Roger, Jack. We're - yes, we're doing it right now.
Where did you say that was located. Jack?
That's in your systems checklist, page 1-5.
And, 13, you might also check for those pages in your launch checklist. They're emergency pages; pink pages, 1-5, and we'd like you to power down until you get - -
Okay. That was in the launch checklist, Jack.
Roger. Power down until you get an amperage of 10 amps less than what you got now. Over.
Okay. Jack. Are you happy with the amps we have now?
Okay, Jack, and on this page 1-5, we proceeded right down the list, all the way down; we're right now at BMAG number 2 is in WARM UP.
Roger. We copy BMAG 2 in WARM UP. We'll follow you through.
Stand by. What direction are your rates in. Jack?
It's negative pitch and negative roll.
Houston. We need to get some more instrumentation up. We'd like you to put INVERTER 1 on both AC BUSES. Over.
Okay. Okay, you got INVERTER 1 on both AC BUSES now. And Jack, one of the items that we turned off was the - all the fuel cell pumps. Okay, and you might let us know when fuel cell 2 needs its pump back; we ought to take care of that guy.
Roger. Okay, Fred, we want FUEL CELL 2 PUMPS to ACl, please.
Okay, 13. We've got lots and lots of people working on this; we'll give you some dope as soon as we have it, and you'll be the first one to know.
Okay, Jack, and the weird configuration we're sitting in now is we have the hatch installed, we still have the probe and drogue inside the command module, and we're going to stay in this situation until you - kind of give us an okay to reinstall the probe and drogue.
Roger. We'll give you an answer.
Or, if necessary, to use the LM consumables.
we'd like to have you put thrustsr Alfa 3 on MAIN A, please.
Okay, Jack, are you monitoring the quad temps in quad A - package temps?
this is Houston. We'd like to power down just a little bit more, so let's get BMAG 2 OFF; and make sure your lights are down. Over.
Okay. The lights are down, and BMAG 2's going from STANDBY to OFF.
Okay, Jack, now I've got a rate -
- - we'd like you to open circuit fuel cell 3.
Okay, fuel cell 3 is off the line now.
And 13, Houston. We'd like you to turn all your Bravo thrusters OFF; and put all your Delta thrusters on MAIN A, please.
All Delta thrusters on MAIN A and all Bravo thrusters OFF. Roger.
Houston. Turn BATTERY A OFF - -
That's right; we were pulling current all the time.
I'm transmitting. I don't have any current now.
Hey, it's off - it's off. They - they killed the bus completely now.
Houston. We'd like you to isolate your 02 surge tank. Over.
Surge tank off now. Jack? Okay, Jack, are you copying - 02 tank 1 cryo pressure?
That's affirmative. And we're trying to get power to that tank. Stand by; we're working on it.
Okay. We had a - SERVICE MODULE RCS B light. Jack, due to package temperature.
SERVICE MODULE RCS B. We copy. No problem.
Let's read you the lights we got on now; CRYO PRESS, FUEL CELL 1, FUEL CELL 3, MAIN BUS B UNDERVOLT, SUIT COMPRESSOR.
Roger, we copy them and we'd like to build up the pressure in 02 tank 1, so turn the heaters on manually; we'll watch the pressure for you.
Okay, do you want to see - -
- - We're going to get a MAIN BUS A UNDERVOLT, probably.
Roger. We realize that; we feel we can stand 5 more amps on it.
Okay, heater on tank l's ON.
Houston. We'd like you to additionally bring on the fans in 02 tank 1, and we can stand the additional amperage on that.
Okay - bring up the fans on 02 tank l.
Houston. We'd like you to check some circuit breakers on panel 226. CRYO O2 HEATER number l MAIN A, and check the three CRYO FAN MOTORS, TANK l, three phases.
Okay, Jack. 226 is configured just like it should be. I got three REACS breakers and three RAD breakers open. All the rest are closed.
Jack, looking outside, the number of particles has diminished greatly, almost ceased now, which indicates maybe what was venting has almost stopped.
Roger, Jack. Thank you. We copy.
I'm still getting some rates in negative pitch, though.
And, 13, we'd like to verify that both BMAGs are off, please.
Negative. We just have one BMAG. BMAG number 1 is still on.
Okay, Jack. Let's take BMAG 1 off.
Okay. BMAG number 1 off now.
this is Houston. We'd like you to give us a survey of your displays on MDCs 1 and 2. Give us gage readings and talkbacks. Over.
Okay. We'll start with display number 1.
Excuse me, Fred; I'd like to butt in here a min- ute. We'd like to have THRUSTER C-1 off.
- - my last copy is SECONDARY RAD IN.
- - is 0 amps. Say again, Jack.
Hello, Houston; Apollo 13. How do you read?
Okay, 13. This is Houston. It appears to us that we're losing O2 flow through fuel cell 3. So, we want you to close the REAC valve on fuel cell 3. It looks like fuel cell 1 and 2 are trying to hold up okay. You copy?
Are you saying fuel cell 1 and 2-1 and 2 are trying to hold up but we're leaking O2 out of fuel cell 3? And you want me to shhut the REAC valve on fuel cell 3? Did I hear you right?
That's affirmative. Close the REAC valve on fuel cell 3.
Okay. I'll go to the SSR page. Do you want me to go through that whole smash for fuel cell shut- down? Is that correct?
Okay, 13. We want you to turn the inline heaters off on fuel cell 1. Then we want you to go through the fuel cell shutdown procedure on fuel cell 3. Read back.
Okay. Shut down the inline heater on fuel cell 1. We're proceeding with the shutdown, special subroutine, for fuel cell 3.
Okay. You got OMNI Bravo and we'd like to have you verify that the tape recorder is off please.
That's verified. Okay, Jack. I'm sitting here with an 0618 showing and I can't get rid of it. Oh, stand by just a - -
Okay. Fuel cell 3 REACs off, Houston.
Okay, Jack. Step 2, special subroutine 1 for the fuel cell procedure, has been completed.
Okay. Jack. I'd like to bring on jet A-4 I've got null on negative pitch control, and - negative pitch control, and right now neither DIRECT or AUTO coils.
Okay. You say no pitch in either DIRECT or AUTO? You want to bring on A-4?
Yes. I've got a positive pitch rate and I can't stop it.
Okay, Jack. Bring A-4 on; stop the pitch rate.
And, 13, we need OMNI Charlie, please.
And, Fred, we would like to have you verify fuel pell reactants talkback is barber pole.
That's affirm. I watched it and it went barber pole as I threw the switch.
Okay, Jack. That thruster configuration looks pkay.
All right. Okay. Do you want some readings from the systems test meter regarding fuel cells?
Stand by 1 on that. Jack. Let me ask the EEC0M.
We've got some incompatibilities here.
Okay, 13. We'd like to have you give us those systems test readings on fuel cell 1 and 3, please.
Okay. Jack, 1-A is reading. Lower scale, 0; 1-B is reading 3.45. Okay. You only want fuel cells 1 and 3. Okay. Ignore that 1-B reading. 1-C is reading 3.4. Now, 1-D is reading 2.4. 2-D is reading 0.25.
Roger. Is that 2 Bravo, Fred?
That's 2 Bravo is reading - oh, about 0.25 to 0.3.
Roger. 4.0. Say again what it is, please.
And, Houston, 13. O2 tank pressure number 1 is less than 300 now.
Roger. We're seeing that. We confirm it.
Houston. We're going to have to have you go through the shutdown procedure on fuel cell 1. Our 02 pressure is going down as you note and the temperature confirms it. Did you copy?
Okay. Well, what bus configuration - What main bus do you want powered?
Okay, Jack. We want you to leave the bus configuration as it is. Fuel cell 2 on MAIN A, and we need OMNI Bravo.
Okay, Jack. We're proceeding on the shutdown procedure for fuel cell 1.
And, 13, Houston. We'd like you to isolate the REPRESS package, please.
Isolate the REPRESS package. Roger.
can confirm REPRESS package is off.
Roger. So now you've got the REPRESS package and the surge tank isolated. Is that affirm?
Okay. Now, this is - We're ready to close the REACs on fuel cell 1; is that right?
Jack, stand by on the fuel - -
On that last - confirmation. Okay.
Roger. We're - We're giving you one last - -
We want to just get one last confirmation.
Okay, Jack. We're getting that last confirmation. Stand by, please.
Okay, 13. We verify that we want you to close down - shut down fuel cell 1, close REACs valve.
- - fuel cell 1; close the REACs valve.
REACs valve on fuel cell 1 is closed.
Okay, Jack. I can confirm step 2. The fuel cell shutdown procedure is complete for fuel cell 1.
we recommend that you enable BD roll in the DAP. Over.
Houston. We're working on the big dish now, so turn the HIGH GAIN POWER switch off, please.
Okay, Jack. When we got the loud bang, we got also a restart. Did you copy that? Is - does GUIDO want anything, a VERB 74 or anything done with the CMC?
Houston. We're ready with a VERB 74 now, please.
Okay, Jack. It looks like 02 tank 1 pressure is just a hair over 200.
We confirm that here and the temperature also confirms it.
Okay. Does it look like it's still going down?
It's slowly going to zero, and we're starting to think about the LM lifeboat.
we're not going to concern ourselves at the moment with a DPS burn. It's going to be some time before we'd get to that; but we're working on other procedures to give you, which will allow us to use the LM systems. Over.
Apollo 13, Houston. We'd like to charge battery A now.
And, Jack, in regard to your question about the P52 and LM platform, it's - There's no need to worry about that now. We wouldn't be using the LM platform for - until about 79 hours, so let's go as is on the platform for now. Over.
And, Jack, we've turned off the waste dump heater. If you're going to consider dumping any more waste water, we probably ought to do it while the duct is warm there.
Okay, Jack. Let's keep the water; no need for a dump right now.
Houston. We see the PROP ISOL valve on RCS quad Charlie closed, so we'd like to also disable AUTO RCS feature in quad Charlie.
You want to isolate the AUTO RCS features in quad Charlie?
Okay, Jack. I didn't plan to reset that quad Charlie DROP ISOL valve. Do you want me to do that? Okay. We just tried it and quad Alfa and Charlie barber poles are showing.
Okay, Jack. That's the sec - secondary propellant barber poles on Alfa and Charlie.
Houston. It won't do any good to try to power the propellant valves on A and C, so we want you to disable the AUTO on RCS Charlie. And we have a procedure for getting power from the LM we'd like you to copy down.
That sounds like good news. 02 09 36 05 IMP Okay, Jack. About how long is it?
It's not a very long procedure, Fred. We figure we've got about 15 minutes' worth of power left in the command module, so we want you to start getting over in the LM and getting some power on that. And, you ready to copy your procedure?
That's a good readback, Fred.
And, 13, Houston. As a final effort here, we would like you to turn on the fans in tank 2. Over.
Roger. Understand. Turn on the fans in tank 2.
You want the 02 fans in tank 2, Jack?
O2 tanks - fans in tank 2 are on.
Houston. We'd like you to start making your way over to the LM now.
Fred and Jim are in the LM.
Okay, Jack. Thank you. 02 09 41 47 IMP And, Jack, I got LM power on.
Okay. You still with us, Houston?
Okay, Houston. You read 13?
Reading you loud and clear. Jack. I've got a procedure for - -
I have an activation procedure. I'd like you to copy it down.
It's just four lines. Go to Activation 1, do step 3. Go to Activation 11, omit step 1. Do Activation 12, and then go to Activation 13 and do step 1. Do you copy?
Okay. Is that Activation 1? Do step 3. Is that correct?
Activation 11, omit step 1, do the rest. Is that correct?
Do Activation 1 and Activation 13, step 1.
Okay, Jack. Pressure in tank 1 is approaching 100 psi. What's going to be the symptoms of this fuel cell starting to drop off?
Stand by. Jack. We'll get the word on that.
And, Jim, when you get to the end of that procedure, we'd also like to have you put the DEMAND REGs to CABIN.
DEMAND REGs to CABIN. Roger.
Jack, was that Activation 1, step 3 only, or all of Activation 1?
That's go all the way down to step 3, Jim.
Activation 1 to step 3. Roger.
Houston, Apollo 13. Never mind.
Oh, we were curious about Activation 11 on the VHF.
- - ... Jack. It's got - Okay.
All right. Real good. Right now, we're charging battery A. Do you want to discontinue that?
Discontinue the charge on battery A, Jack.
Okay, Jack. I discontinued charge on battery A. You give me the call and I'll turn BUS TIE AC on.
Roger. And we want you to keep the lights up and the IMU on.
And, Jack, we'd like you to leave the C0MM configuration as is until we get C0MM with the LM.
And, 13, this is Houston. I've got another procedure for the LM. A short one.
Okay. On panel 11, we'd like you to close the LGC DSKY circuit breaker. Then we want you to go to Activation 25; do steps 1, 2, and 3. Then go to Activation 30, and that will give us a docked IMU coarse aline. Over.
Roger. Panel 11, close LGC circuit breaker. Activation 25, do steps 1, 2, 3, and then do complete Activation 30. Is that correct?
That's affirmative. On panel 11, LGC DSKY circuit breaker closed.
And in the LM, let's go to panel 11 and close the SUIT FAN circuit breaker and get suit fan 1 cranked up.
Okay. Panel 11, close SUIT FAN circuit breaker, and we'll get the suit fan cranked up.
And, Jack, in the CSM, go to BYPASS on the radiators and turn your GLYCOL PUMP off.
Okay. Pull the BYPASS; GLYCOL PUMP going off.
And, 13, in the CSM, we want to verify that all the fuel cell pumps are off, and we want to have you turn off the 02 fans in the tank 2.
Okay. Tank 2 fans going off. Okay. That leaves me with tank 1 fans on the tank 1 heaters on.
Fuel cell 2 pump going off now.
Jack, leave them both on in tank 1.
Houston. We've got AOS on the LM here.
And, 13, this is Houston. In the LM, we'd like to have 12, step 3, which is get the batteries on high taps . Over.
How you going there? Activation 12, step 3.
Okay. And, Jack, how do you read from Aquarius?
Aquarius, Houston. Say again, please.
Okay. I was just making a COMM check here. I'm on high voltage taps.
Roger. We see them, Fred, and I'm reading you loud and clear.
Okay. Didn't think I'd be back this soon.
Okay. What next, James? Coarse aline?
Do it right. Take your time.
And, Aquarius, Houston. We'd like you to, on your alinement, can you continue right on through the fine aline Activation 31? Go right on through step 7. Over.
Okay. You want to go on 31 through step number 7, Jack.
That's affirmative. And, Odyssey, we've got another configuration for you. All l6 RCS AUTO SELECT OFF. All RCS heaters off. Over.
Okay. I can verify all heaters off. Jack, I've got to keep a fairly minimum deadband until I get through this coarse aline.
Okay. VERB 41, NOUN 20. Okay. You want plus? Plus or minus? Plus 302.43? Is that right?
Okay. Let me enter it. Okay. What's the next one? Plus 347.78. 347.78. Okay. 081.3. [???] that right? ENTER. Okay.
Odyssey, Houston - - 02 10 03 54 CDR
Houston. Okay. I want you to doublecheck my arithmetic to make sure we got a good coarse aline- The roll CAL angle was minus 2 degrees. The command module angles were 355.57, 167.78, 351.87.
Okay, Jim. We copy the roll CAL at minus 2.O. The command module is 355.57, 167.78, 351.87.
Okay. VERB 41, we've done that. Okay.
Aquarius, Houston. Request high bit rate, please.
That's affirmative, Fred. Won't cost us anything.
Odyssey, Houston. We'd like you to, on your C0MM configuration, go to PRIMARY POWER AMP OFF, LOW BIT RATE, and D0WNV0ICE BACKUP. Over.
And, Aquarius, we need your SUIT GAS DIVERTER to CABIN.
Houston. I've gone to PRIMARY POWER AMPLIFIER, OFF, LOW BIT RATE, DOWNVOICE BACKUP.
Okay, Jack. Thank you. And, Aquarius , your arithmetic looks good on the coarse aline, there.
Okay. Okay stand by for an ENTER.
Get the GET; we need the GET. What is it? What's that? 58? 58:07?
Here are the gimbal angles. Command module, 356.69, 163.42, 346.67. Aquarius is 302.26, 345.92, 011.79. Over.
Okay, Jim. I got command module 356.65, 163.42, 346.67. Aquarius, 302.26, 345.92, 011.78.
The LM middle gimbal is 011.79.
Odyssey, Houston. We need a command reset on your - on your C0MM, and then we'd like you to power down to CMC, power down the IMU, heaters off on the IMU, but leave the battery A on.
Houston, this is Odyssey. Go ahead.
Okay, Jim. 1 think I'm reading Jack, now. But what we want him to do is to give us a command reset. And then power down the CMC, power down the IMU, turn the IMU heater off, leave battery A on. Over.
That's just about 80 - in fact, 82 hours out of the two primary cartridges. That's two guys. 44 is what LC8 got. That would be 88 hours. We got a secondary. You're right. We're listening.
They can stand it - Go ahead?
Yes, Jack. Did you copy down about the CMC IMU?
Yes, Jack. I read it back twice to you. Command reset, which I've done. I'm about to power down the IMU, power down the CMC, turn the IMU heaters off, leave BAT A on.
Okay. I just got a MASTER ALARM and MAIN BUS A UNDERV0LT. And I'm starting to power down, now. - -
Odyssey, Houston. Couple circuit breakers for you. On panel 276, on our INSTRUMENTATION POWER CONTROL, open CB number 3 and number 4.
Okay, Houston. Panel 276, INSTRUMENTATION out and reset - -
- - CB-3 and CB-4 are open.
That's affirmative, Odyssey. And also get your SCS electronics package and power off, and your FDAI POWER/GPI off, and your AUTO jet SELECT, all 16 off.
Okay, Well, wait a second. Let me - Let me get the CMC power down.
I wonder how much that's going to bring this up, here.
Jack, while he's doing that, copy down what you just said again. I want to write it down.
Aquarius, we need to get your sublimator powered up, Activation page 20 and Activation page 21, step 3. Over.
Roger. Activation page 20 and Activation page 21, step 3, sublimator.
That's Activation, page 20? Okay, Jack. Now I have to power down IMU. I have no control at all. I'm going to turn my 16 jets off. Say again the other things you wanted?
Okay, Jack. We'd like you to turn off your 02 tank 2 heaters and fans. Correction - tank 1. Turn the fans and heaters off.
Okay. And, Jack, can we turn on the FDAI circuit breakers so we could have a ball to see if we go to gimbal lock or not?
Houston, he's going to give a l6 NOUN 20, Jack. And, okay, I've got 02 heaters and fans off in tank 1.
And, Jack, let me know if you get close to gimbal lock, would you?
Jim, we don't want you to power down the ball in the LM. We wanted you to power down the ball in the CSM.
Jack, they haven't powered down - -
Jack, we don't have the balls powered up in the LM.
I have the CMC and IMU in the command module is powered down. The heaters are out.
And the EVAP flow valve, that's open now, and I've undone my suit hoses here and opened up the suit flow valves; so, we got air flowing in the LM now.
Okay, Jack. Will you say again the SCS items you wanted me to power down?
Okay, Houston. Do you read Odyssey?
Hello, Houston. How do you read?
His gimbal lock and ours are different, Jim.
Apollo 13, Houston. Say again, please. You were cut out.
Okay, Jack. Do you want me to proceed by the SCS powerdown checklist? I did not copy the SCS items you wanted me to power down.
Okay, Odyssey. We want to go SCS ELECTRONICS POWER, OFF.
FDAI P0WER/GPI, OFF. AUTO jet SELECT, 16 - -
- - OFF. And all your ROTATIONAL CONTROL POWER, OFF.
It's done. ROTATION CONTROL POWER, DIRECT, and AUTO ..., OFF.
Okay, Jack. Tell me there. We need to know when we're getting close to gimbal lock in the LM. We have no balls right now.
Okay. We want you to power up your eight-ball. We want you to get your RCS heaters on. Pres- surize the RCS and open up the MAIN SOVs. Over.
Okay, Jack. I got two commander FDAI breakers in, AC and DC, and the two GASTA breakers in AC and DC and next you'll want the RCS heaters all on with the - pressurize the RCS and then the MAIN SOVs open. And I think they're already open.
Roger. And, Fred-o, get the TCA breakers in last. Please.
Roger, Jim. I'm holding open those until you give me a further word anyway. I'm just going to pressurize right now.
Jack, are you reading LM gimbal angles?
- - ... power off, come down here and ... the audio ...
Okay, Aquarius. I have some gyro torquing angles and the Odyssey is powered down, attitude-control- wise, so LM's got attitude control now.
Okay. We want you to know that we got some gyro torquing angles for you. And we want you to tell us when you got attitude control in the LM.
Okay. We're still working on the pressurization. I'm getting Jim on the horn here so he can help out, there.
We got to get this pressurized.
Stand by 1, Aquarius, Odyssey. We'd like you to go DIRECT RCS and hold your present attitude out the window until the LM gets RCS powered up. Go ahead, Jim.
Well, that's my question. We're not - Our 16 20 doesn't match our eight-ball here. We went to FDAIs ON, and we don't have our balls completely powered up. There may be a ... and our angles don't look the same and we don't want to go into gimbal lock.
Roger. How far are you from RCS power up - RCS pressurization?
Okay, Jack. I'm right up to where it's MASTER ARM, ON; RCS, FIRE; - - 02 10 27 49 MS
- - both LOGIC POWERs out ... goes into normal circuit-breaker. ... Do you want A in and then I'll fire them?
Okay, 13. You're both talking at once. One at a time, please.
Close LOGIC POWER A and B, Fred, and pressurize RCS.
Okay. I'm going to try to do the best I can. I've got a one-attitude reference I'm going to fly according to the lunar terminator.
Roger, Jack. Just maintain attitude.
What am I doing? I can't do that, anyway. Let's see, cross feed. Nope. Now, and -
Aquarius, Houston. We'll have to get some AC up so you can get a ball reading. Close your BUS TIE INVERTER circuit breakers, all four of them on panel 11. Close your AC BUS VOLT circuit breaker on panel 11. On panel 16, INVERTER 2, CLOSE. Select inverter 2. Over.
That's been completed. Jack.
Okay. The RCS is pressurized now.
Okay, Jack. Do you want us to proceed right on down the line with the RCS check-out and Activation 37 now?
Hell, is he still firing up there?
Okay, Fred. Negative on the activation on page 37. Go on to your RCS pressurize and then get your TCA breakers in and go to PGNS attitude hold.
Okay, Jack. How do you read?
Okay, Jim. This is Houston. We want you to load the DAP with 30120.
Load the DAP with 30120. Complete.
Okay. We need to change that CSM weight.
Okay, Aquarius. Your CSM weight is 63400.
And Jack's alive to take control the LM to stay away from gimbal lock. Over.
Affirmative. Take control of the LM. PGNS ATTITUDE HOLD.
And, Odyssey, request you coordinate with Aquarius on attitude control.
Okay. I don't see where you're firing these things ...
And, Aquarius, check you ATCA (PGNS) breaker on panel 11 in.
Close, on panel 11, circuit breaker ATCA (PGNS).
ATCA (PGNS). Come on. Let's take it easy now.
Okay. We've got ATCA (PGNS) closed.
Okay, Jim. How's the attitude control?
Okay, Jack. We've got attitude control now in the LM. We're going to try to rotate up through the bellyband.
I like that sound like I got back there.
Odyssey, Houston. I've got a procedure for you.
I want to go up this way to get away from that - the radios are powered, huh?
Okay, Jack. Odyssey is ready to copy.
Okay, Jack. What we want you to do is close the reactants valve on fuel cell 2. Power down your inverters. Power down your battery relay bus. Battery ties, off, and pull your entry circuit breakers, entry battery circuit breakers A, B, and C.
Check the control, and make sure we don't go to gimbal lock, Fred.
Okay, Jack; understand. Close REAC valve circuit breakers in fuel cell 2. Power down inverters. Power down BAT relay bus. BAT TIES, OFF. Power entry and both running circuit breakers A, B, and C. All off.
That's affirmative. Jack. And close the reactant valve on fuel cell 2, there.
Okay. I'll do that, and Jack'll do that other.
Okay, Jack; on fuel cell 2, open circuit it.
Okay. Fuel cell 2 is open circuited. Do you want me to go through the standard shutdown procedure for the REAC valves and -
Odyssey, Houston. All you have to do is close the REACs valve on fuel cell 2.
Okay. CB REACs and vent REAC valves all closed.
Okay. Odyssey is completely powered down, ac- cording to the procedure that you read to Jack.
Roger; we copy. That's where we want to be, Jim.
And, Jack, have you all got good LM data down there now?
That's affirmative, Fred. We're getting good LM data.
Okay. In that case, I think I'll pull out some display breakers and just let you all keep an eye on things.
He's turning his lights off now, too.
What about these lights up here?
We don't want to lose COMM with him.
Aquarius, Houston. Stand by on opening your circuit breakers for displays. We're going to let you know what they are, and I have some gyro torquing angles for you.
Okay. What page is that there gyro torquing?
Okay. What page is the, do we write the gyro torquing angles on there, Jack?
Okay. We're there now, Jim. Jim's got it. Go ahead with the gyro torquing angles.
Okay. We'd like you to proceed with the fine aline and your gyro torquing angles are X plus 003.30, Y plus 024.80, Z minus 015.10. Over.
Okay. I read your gyro torquing angles as plus 003.30, Y is plus 023, I only have four numbers for Y; you'll have to give that one to me again, and Z is minus 015.10. Read Y again, please.
Okay, Jim. X and Z are correct and Y is plus 024.80.
Okay. We read Y as plus 024.80. We'll proceed on Activation 40 to fine aline the platform.
Roger. Okay, Aquarius, proceed as on page 40 with IMU fine aline.
Aquarius, Houston. Can you see any stars out the LM window?
We'll have to wipe them off, Jack. They're coated with water right now.
Roger. As soon as you get a chance to - on your position - to take a look, we'd like to know if you can see stars for alinement purposes.
Okay. Jim's going to be in trouble in our present attitude out his side. The Sun's there.
What have you got? How much you got left in battery A? Okay. I wish I knew what the hell they were thinking right not ... - -
They're talking about powering down and doing a P51 here?
No. They were just thinking about P52 - -
Would you say one more time? Give me the top two. The top two.
Okay. We'll check. Stand by.
Aquarius, Houston. We notice that the O2 pressure in the ASCENT TANK 02 is a little high, so we want to use some of it. So close DESCENT 02 and open ASCENT 02, tank 2. Over.
Okay, Jack. Switch now on ASCENT number 2 02 tank, DESCENT 02 is closed.
Okay, Houston; Aquarius. How do you read?
Reading you 5 square, Jim. Go ahead.
Okay. I'm looking out of Fred's window. I see a lot of particles out there, but a lot of that stuff is still drifting away from us, so a lot of it is flashing in the local vicinity, and I don't recognize any constellations right now, in this particular attitude.
Okay, Jim. If that status changes, please let us know.
Roger. We're continuing to drift. Okay, get your TTCAs to roll.
And, Aquarius; Houston. I've got some circuit breakers you can open to power down displays. In addition, I have a P30 maneuver pad. Over.
Roger. Stand by, Houston. Get the CS - get the pad hook.
Get the LM data - get the LM book.
And, say - We're getting the pad book now, Jack - and say the boost on powered up?
Okay. I have some circuit breakers that you can open up in order to power down displays.
Okay. Stand by 1, Jack. I'm going to get my C0MM carrier on.
All right, I'll tell you what. Get all the LM stuff. Give me the LM stuff right now. Jack, give me all the LM stuff.
All right, Jack. Hey, what do you need out of here?
Now is there any way they can control this thing with the LM on? Fred-o? 02 10 58 20 IMP What's that?
Looks like I'm cross-coupling here. I might as well -
Yes, you are. TTCA will give you the best con- trolling warning.
Yes, and I want to get out of this roll. What if I goto
It doesn't matter where the hell you are. ... gimbal lock ... my flashlight or any flashlight.
... down and power down ...
Well, I'm not doing any good here.
Okay, how do you read now, Jack?
Aquarius, Houston. You're watching the middle gimbal there, aren't you? Go ahead, Aquarius.
Okay. Go ahead with the breakers first. Jack.
Okay. You watching your middle gimbal there?
Your attitude is just straight pitch down, Jim. Okay, you're moving away.
Okay, Fred, I've got six circuit breakers for you.
Okay, they're all on panel 11. Row 1 under AC BUS B, open HELIUM PQGS for PROPELLANT DISPLAY.
On row 2, FLIGHT DISPLAYS, open THRUST, open MISSION TIMER, open RANGE/RANGE RATE, ALTITUDE/ ALTITUDE RATE, and open the AC BUS A RANGE RATE, ALTITUDE/ALTITUDE RATE.
Okay. On row 4, PGNS, SIGNAL STRENGTH DISPLAY.
Okay. That concludes the powerdown of displays. And I have a P30 pad for you.
Okay, what was the last two things you gave me, a pitch and roll angle for what?
Those were gimbal angles for - pitch and yaw.
Yes, that's what I mean. Sorry.
Pericynthion plus 2 - Okay, DPS pericynthion plus 2, at 079:25:026.48; plus 1633.0, minus 0014.5, minus 0751.5; HA N slash A, HP plus 0020.5; 1797.7, 8:35, 268, 264, plus 16410, minus 00145, minus 07338
Did we lose the water in the - -
- - N slash A in the COAS, and you gave me GDA angles of pitch 5.86, and you want roll 6.75.
Yes, lose - get all the little bags you can with water.
Aquarius, Houston. Say again, please.
Okay. We didn't answer back there, Jack. Check to see if you're on VOX.
Neither am I, okay. Why the hell are we maneuvering at all now? Are we still venting?
Well, we're at ATT HOLD for one thing - I mean, we're at MINIMUM IMPULSE.
No, I mean why can't you null them out, somewhere?
Every time I try to - I can't take that doggone roll out. I got to wait until they get around to the bellyband.
Wait a minute. Do you - you fight roll by using the TTCA left right. That's what you need to play with.
Okay. We'll try that. Let me get around though. Let's roll. Let it roll all the way.
Yes, you can't let it roll all the way.
I know. I know. But I mean -
Okay. Then until it's upside down at least, huh?
Okay. Well, should I ask him what the return time on that one is? Or are you interested?
Let's get the first things first.
Oh, you don't want to hear. Let me figure some times out here. That's at 79, and what are we at now? About - do we - do we - do we even know any better computer time, do we?
Hey, Jack. Do you still have a mission timer? You don't? Okay.
I'll tell you what. Let's ask - let's ask Houston to give us a mission timer, computer time. They can up link it to us. Okay, hold it.
You know, we don't have a - I don't think we have a computer clock going, and why don't you up link that stuff to us?
And, Fred-o, I got some fast circuit breakers on panel 16 for you.
Okay. On row 1 under FLIGHT DISPLAYS, SYSTEMS ENGINEER'S CROSSPOINTER, OPEN. Under RCS B - -
Open the TEMP/PRESS DISPLAY-FLAGS and PQGS/DISPLAYS.
Okay, Fred. On row 3 under COMM, open DISPLAYS and under ECS, open DISPLAYS.
Okay. COMM DISPLAYS, ECS DISPLAYS, both OPEN.
Okay. And two more. In row 4 under HEATERS, open DISPLAYS and under EPS, open DISPLAYS.
Okay. HEATERS DISPLAY, EPS DISPLAY OPEN. And I've long since had all the lights off, floods, et cetera.
Where are those bags? Where are those bags for weighing water in the PLSS?
We're going to fill up command module water. We'll ...
Hell, do you need a QD *** Jim. No way to get ours in there. I don't think.
I wonder if one of our water ... jet is. Okay, let's control - What else can we fill up there?
We're not - we're not going to - -
We're not going to be able to up link your time because of the IU, and we have a frequency problem there. But what I'd like to do is give you a time to set up on your mission timer and give you a mark and then you can put it into the DSKY from there. Over.
Wait a minute. Why do we need a mission timer right now, anyway? I mean, that bad, they'd tell us.
Well, I'd rather have a timer going so that we - what are we going to put in the DSKY? Should we shut down the mission timer?
Is that what you want to do?
Switch them. Okay. Let's fire on the mission timer.
Aquarius, we need FORWARD OMNI.
I am. Okay, Houston. If that call was an OMMI switch, I'm in FORWARD now.
Okay, Fred-o, how do I get the mission timer up? I got the mission timer cranked in.
I got the mission timer circuit breaker in.
Okay. We're going to probably need NUMERICS LIGHTING. There you go. You got it.
Aquarius, Houston. I think we've got a better way of getting your mission time up.
Okay. We can do a VERB 55, ENTER, and then put an Rl, minus 00088. In R2, minus 00059; R3 minus 03274.
Watch the crapping attitude.
God damn. I wish you'd get to something I know.
Well, as soon as we get over here, we'll stop it with the TTCA.
And, Aquarius; Houston. We've got you both on VOX.
We have you on VOX. We're reading you loud and clear and the clock took good.
Okay. Looks like we're on the FDA route there. Jack.
Okay, Jack. How do you read me on NORMAL VOICE now?
And, Aquarius, we're ready for a VERB 74 when you can give it to us.
And, Jack, Aquarius. What kind of return time is this maneuver given?
That puts you back in the water at 133 hours.
And that's an Atlantic landing site.
Affirmative. That's the pad that we've given you, but we may change our mind later on. We want you to have this info for now. And that's a minimum —
Aquarius, Houston. We've got to change the REFSMMAT to the one to which you're alined. So we'd like to have P00 and DATA and we'll ship that up to you.
Aquarius, could you give us DATA please?
Okay, Jack, you got it. 02 11 21 33 LMP the updata link, the DUA breaker may not be in, Jack.
Okay, Fred, and close the DUA breaker.
Okay, Jim, and it's coming up now. Thank you.
Aquarius, Houston. We're finished with the uplink. The computer's yours. We'd like to power down the DUA, so pull the DUA circuit breaker please.
Okay. Updata link breaker's coming OPEN.
Aquarius, Houston. We'd like to have AFT OMNI, and we're going to lose contact with you for about a minute here while we try to establish tracking. And our latest data shows that your closest approach to the Moon is going to be 60 miles perigee. Over.
Okay. Closest approach, 60 miles, and I'm sitting on AFT OMNI now.
Roger. We'll probably be going off the air here in about a minute.
Okay. We're thinking about rigging up the urine dump to the side hatch. We're thinking about rigging up the urine dump to the side hatch and save urine heater power. What do you think?
Better still so ws won't freeze up our urine dump.
Roger. That sounds like a good plan, Jim. Why don't you go ahead with that one?
That's affirmative. We'd like to correlate the information we get with your's, so that if we can use it to update the platform, we can. What we're really trying to do, Jim, is see if we can do a COAS aline so we can power down the platform.
That is Aquarius. We're getting an awful lot of static on the uplink now, and we're not reading you at all.
I have good signal strength and I'm on AFT OMNI.
How do you read now, Aquarius?
Hey, Jim, do you suppose that you could orient the LM so that the service module would be between you and the Sun? I believe you could see - recognize constellations out your front windows then.
Aquarius, Houston. Radio check.
Okay, Jack. How do you read now?
Okay. Hearing you 5 square now, Jim. And the question we have, is there some way you can orient the spacecraft so that the service module is between the LM and the Sun so you can recognize constellations out the window? And secondly, can you see anything out the AOT?
Aquarius, Houston. How do you read?
Aquarius, how do you read me now?
Aquarius, Houston. How do you read?
Aquarius, request FORWARD OMNI, please.
Aquarius, Houston. Request FORWARD OMNI. How do you read?
Okay, Houston; Aquarius. How do you read?
Hello there, Aquarius. Loud and clear. How do you read me?
There's an awful lot of background - -
We get a lot of background static, Jack. You're down in the mud. You having a ground problem?
What we tried to do was to get the IU frequency shifted off a little bit so that we'd have less interference. I think it'll come up - What we want you to do is turn on your descent oxygen and turn off your ascent oxygen. Over. And request FORWARD OMNI.
You're unreadable. Jack. We've got our signal strength meter - right now it keeps wavering up and down, and the best I'm getting is about 2.4 AGC.
Roger. Request FORWARD OMNI.
I am on FORWARD OMNI. I've been on FORWARD OMNI.
Okay. How do you read, Jack?
I'm hearing you 5 square, Fred. How me?
Aquarius, Houston. How do you read?
Okay. We're up to about 2.6 AGC now.
Aquarius, Houston. Radio check.
Okay. Every time you transmit, Jack, the AGC starts to drop off and the static level turns up.
Okay, Fred. You're loud and clear.
Hello there, Aquarius. How do you read me now?
Okay. That's the first clear word we heard from you, Jack. Do you think it could be my pitch attitude that's breaking up your incoming? I guess you've been hearing us.
We have been hearing you, and the problem is on the ground. I hope we have it corrected now.
We 're considering powering down the PGNS but we want to know what capability you have to do a coarse and fine aline. We read your conversation about being unable to see out the window very good. How about out the ACT?
Okay. And the other thing we thought you might try is to put the service module between you and the Sun and then to see if you can see anything out the window in that attitude.
The reason that we think that that would work is that it worked on Apollo 10. It made the constellations all recognizable when we put the the service module - in our case a LM, between us and the Sun.
You're down in the mud again. Jack. It appears that some other circuit is feeding through on there with you.
Okay. You're down in the mud again. Jack. Lots of background static.
Okay, Houston; Aquarius. How do you read?
Aquarius, Houston. How do you read?
Hello, Houston; Aquarius. How do you read?
Hello, there, Aquarius. Loud and clear. How me, now?
Okay, we're reading you loud and clear, Jack. I hope it stays this time.
Well, we'll give it a try. Jack, if that's all we've got. That's a l6-foot-per-second DPS burn in 37 minutes?
Roger. We're working up a pad for it, but we'd want to know what you think about doing it at that time.
Well, we'll do it. Could you give us a little bit more time?
Okay, Jim. We'd like to get a suggested time from you. We can figure out a free-return maneuver for any time you want to give us, so if you'll give us the time you'd like to shoot for, we'll figure out a pad.
Okay, that sounds good. I think if we have a little bit more time; we want to do it right. Stand by 1.
Let's shoot for an hour if we can, Jack. How's that.
Okay, Jim. How about 61 hours and 30 minutes? That's an hour and 5 from now.
Okay. We'll do it and we want to be sure we talk back and forth now to make sure we get this burn off right.
Okay, in the interim. Jack, I looked around again and I saw that we have a radar and a landing- radar heater breaker in. Can I pull those out?
Affirmative. Pull them both out.
Okay, and how about using the service module to cast a shadow on the commander's window? If you do that, can you see stars for a COAS alinement?
We could give that a try. Jack, although I don't know how successful it will be. We tried to do it - The light shines off our quads which makes it difficult to see stars. We do have the Earth and the Moon, if that can be of assistance.
Another problem - Right now, Jack, I'm looking out the right window and it's pretty dark out that window but there are about a thousand or so false stars out here from - left over from some of the debris. It's hard to discern what's real and not real.
Okay, will do. And also, let me ask you a ques- tion. In this configuration, docked, we have to use the TTCA to control pitch and roll. And, just how much can we use that without really changing our trajectory? We only have 60 miles to play with.
Roger, we'll put that to them.
Okay, Jack, are you ready to go to work with me on the 2-hour DPS activation and contingency book, page 1?
Okay. Item one, we can - one through five, we can scratch off, as done. Is that correct?
Okay, Fred, let's go ahead. Step 1, page 1. Everybody's listening.
Okay, I've looked around, and I've essentially done steps 1 through 5 with the exception of floodlights and utility lights and I think we'll just do without those.
Roger. Your choice. 02 12 30 47 IMP Okay, on EPS activation, we're through step - we're through that - bottom of that page. That's all done.
We concur, page 2. 02 12 31 13 IMP Okay, in essence, we've circumvented step 4, and we're not sitting with all 4 aps - descent BATs on high-voltage taps, so I'll scratch off step 4.
Roger, and in step 5, we want to leave INVERTER 1 circuit breaker OPEN.
Roger. In step 5, we'll leave INVERTER 1 CB OPEN.
Okay, for the time being, our mission timer is the computer so, mission timer activation scratch off.
Roger. 02 12 32 09 IMP Okay. We've done the primary glycol loop activation.
Aquarius, we recommend you leave the caution and warning off on page 3.
Okay. I was going to say that next. Page 3, we'll just scratch item 1. And item 2, I've already got the RCS heaters on. And I don't know if I gave you the time or you got the time on the PRIMARY EVAP FLOW number 1, OPEN.
Okay. Let's go to the CB pages now.
Fred-o, did you close the engine control breaker in panel 11?
What control is that, Jack?
Did you close the S and C engine control breaker on panel 11? As we got step 1 there on page 3.
Okay. Okay, yes, the EPS DESCENT ECA CONTROL breaker is CLOSED on 11.
Roger, and how about the - on panel 11, S and C ENGINE CONTROL, CLOSED? AFT OMNI, Fred.
Okay. We're AFT OMNI, and we have the S and C ENGINE CONTROL breaker CLOSED.
Roger. Let's go on with the circuit breaker panel checkout.
That completes it for panel 11. Okay. Stand by. Okay. 02 12 36 54 IMP As I see it, some of the short ones are - we need the DECA GIMBAL in sooner or later.
That's affirmed. Close the DECA GIMBAL.
And probably - Okay, DECA GIMBAL, and sooner or later, we're going to need DECA POWER, I guess, also.
All right, DECA POWER will come up later in the procedure, Fred-o.
Aquarius, Houston. On your circuit breaker checklist, on panel 11 and 16, we want you to configure the panels as outlined in the checklist.
Okay. You want us to configure as per checklist. Okay. We'll do that.
That's right. Close the black ones and open the white ones.
Yes. I think we can manage that.
With the activation power up, we're starting right now.
Houston, we might as well leave our RCS TCAs IN, right?
Affirmative, Jim. Leave your RCS TCAs in - -
- -on panel 11. 02 12 40 30 IMP - - Yes. I used my Pentel pen and made those white ones black ones.
And you might look there, Houston, to see what circuit breakers aren't required, like the tape recorder.
Okay, Jim. On panel 11 over there, you can also leave open the RENDEZVOUS HEATER breaker and the LANDING RADAR HEATER breaker, in addition to the tape recorder.
I'm leaving a few in, Jack, too, like the SUIT FAN 1 is still IN, RCS SYSTEM is still IN, the TCAs. ATTITUDE DIRECT CONTROL is IN.
How about if I leave the VHF A and B OFF?
Okay. We can leave the VHF powered down, too.
And, do you want the SECONDARY S-BAND?
Negative on SECONDARY S-BAND. Leave them open.
UP DATA LINK is IN. Do you want that in or out?
Leave the UP DATA LINK open. We'll call for it when we want you to put it in.
Okay, Jack, on panel 11 on the top row, do you really want the PROPULSION PQGS and ASCENT HELIUM REGs in?
And, also the SYSTEM ENGINEER X- POINTER breaker.
Roger. Negative on the PQGS. Negative on the ASCENT HELIUM REG, and negative on the CROSS- POINTER.
Okay. On the second row, I'm going to leave the FLOODLIGHT breaker open..
And we're again up to - Do you want the CWEA enabled?
Okay. Since we're - are we going to power up the AGS or should I concern myself with the ATCA breaker?
Negative on the AGS. However, Fred, we need the ATCA breaker in. 02 12 46 28 IMP Okay. ATCA breakers IN. Yes. I guess for the backup power supply. Hey, how about ATCA AGS.
And I'm leaving the SUIT FLOW CONTROL breaker open.
Let's close the SUIT FLOW CONTROL breaker - -
- - so it doesn't take any current.
Okay. Without suits, it doesn't do us much good either though.
Okay. And are we going to continue to be able to operate off the OMNIs, Jack. So can I leave the S-band antenna powered down?
Okay, Fred-o. We don't plan to use the steerable antenna, although we want to leave the heaters on. So it looks you ought to open up COMM S-BAND ANTENNA, but leave S-BAND ANTENNA HEATERS closed.
Roger. COMM S-BAND is OPEN, S-BAND HEATER breaker is still CLOSED.
And, on the bottom row, Jack, I'm going to leave the HEATER DISPLAY breaker out, which we had pulled before, and EPS DISPLAY. But I question, do we want the ASCENT ECA breaker in, as prescribed?
Stand by. That's a negative on the ASCENT ECA breaker. Leave it open.
And, Aquarius, we need P00 and DATA - -
- - and we'll give you state vector and target load.
Okay. We need the UP LINK breaker in then now.
Okay. And, Jack, will you give us that - how about the ORDEAL breaker? Can I pull that? We don't need that, do we?
Negative on the ORDEAL. Leave it open.
And how about the ASCENT ECA breaker on panel 11? Jim has it in over there.
And panel 11 ASCENT ECA can be open.
Okay, Aquarius. We're GO on the circuit breaker configuration as you have it now.
And, Aquarius, tests in the simulator just showed that if you want to let the PGNS DAP hold your attitude for you, it will.
And, Jack, because it will take quite a while to get back to the attitude, I think we ought to think about going there very shortly.
Roger. I have a pad for you. I have a P30 maneuver pad.
Okay. We want you to hold your maneuver until we finish making the load. We haven't completed it yet. Are you ready to copy P30 maneuver pad?
That's a good readback, Fred. I'd like to verify, however, in NOUN 81, in Vy, it's plus three balls 41. 02 12 56 14 MP Okay. NOUN 81, Vy is plus 0004.1.
Good readback. Let's press on with the checklist.
Okay. And, Jack, find out about using TTCA to maneuver with.
Okay. We're finished with the computer, it's yours, and we recommend using the TTCA to maneuver with.
Okay, I'm back on the checklist, page 6. Jack, under PGNS turn-on and self-test. We've done everything except the self test here on this page. Do you want to do that at this time?
Okay. Aquarius, negative on the PGNS self test. Page 7.
Okay. I'll scratch page 6 and on page 7, we're not going to activate the - or rather we had the S-band activated, ECS Activation I have all done. And, at the bottom of the page, the docked IMU coarse aline is done.
We've - Okay, we've also completed, I guess in essence, all of page 8.
That's affirmative and page 9 to boot. Scratch VHF. We've done the Tephems.
Okay. You've updated it, that's right. We cranked in the time.
And, Houston, let's go to activation - or get into page 10 and see what we did there.
Okay. The only item on page 10 is to deploy the landing gear.
Okay. The landing gear are down and locked, Jack, and looking ahead now at page 11, we've done all of that.
Okay, and I assume in amongst all those numbers you pumped up, we got a REFSMMAT and STATE VECTOR, is that correct?
That's affirmative. You've got that. So you can delete page 12.
Hey, on 13, you've read us up the fine aline angles and we've cranked those in.
Okay, so now we're up to - we've got to do DAP set, the gimbal/throttle test.
That's - Okay, Aquarius.. We recommend omitting the DAP set, gimbal/throttle test - Just make sure the gim - DECA POWER and DECA GIMBAL circuit breakers are closed.
Okay, we're going to proceed now with the DAP set, gimbal/throttle test, is that correct? Or did you say delete it?
Aquarius, delete the DAP set, gimbal/throttle test. Just ensure that the DECA POWER and the DECA GIMBAL are closed.
Okay. Houston, DECA POWER is OPEN at this time. Do you want me to close it?
Affirmative, Jim. Close the DECA POWER.
It's CLOSED. We deleted that.
Okay. Also out of that list. Jack, we need the COMMANDER'S THROTTLE set to THROTTLE and MIN.
Houston, if I recall the launch set of the gimbals, the GDAs are not correct here, and where are we going to get those set for the burn?
Okay. Here's the word on the DAP set, gimbal/ throttle test. Let's do step 1 and step 2, and that'll get our gimbal set.
Okay, Jack, we're going to have to back up on this, if we're going to follow the procedure here, which has us go MODE CONTROL; PGNS, AUTO, we're going to have to pull the TCA breakers to keep from firing jets.
Stand by on step 1, Fred. We're getting the word for you. How do you like this SIM?
Okay, Aquarius, we recommend you do the DAP set and gimbal/throttle test as per the checklist. Go PGNS AUTO and proceed.
Well, we're going to fire our thrusters as soon as we go to AUTO because we've got those thrusters in - the thruster circuit breakers. Do you want us to do that and stop?
Okay, Aquarius, we're recommending you go to AUTO. Let the thrusters fire and settle down and proceed with the test.
Roger, your DAP is set, you're in wide deadband. That ought to do the trick.
Okay, we're looking at it, Aquarius. We're ready to proceed with the test. 02 13 07 26 IMP Okay, we're proceeding. 02 13 07 52 IMP Okay, and Houston, you - you're looking at the weights now. Those are still good, right?
Aquarius, Houston. We'd like you to recycle on the DAP load and change your DAP to 32021. Over.
Okay, Aquarius. We're looking at your gimbal and we notice that we got a four-jet ullage loaded in the DAP and we gave you two jets on the pad. But, let's go with what we've got loaded. It'll be a four—jet ullage.
Okay, Houston. How does the GDAs look now?
The GDAs are GO as they are. Press on.
Okay, Houston, we're going to do the DPS pressurization and checkout.
Okay, your gimbals are within 0.3 and we're ready for the DPS pressurization and checkout.
Okay, Houston, do you want to follow up on page 15 with RCS checkout? In essence, we've kind of already done that.
You're right, Aquarius. Let's delete the RCS checkout. And a DPS looks GO.
Houston, we're going to do a PGNS AUTO maneuver to the attitude.
Stand by on that. Aquarius, we recommend driving it around there manually with a TTCA.
Okay, we'll have to use the TTCA. Roger.
We're going to AUTO now, Houston, to try to damp the rates. We're at the attitude.
Roger, Jim. We verify the attitude.
And, Houston, we'd like to confirm, do you want the VERB 65 ENTER in there?
Affirmative on the VERB 65. 02 13 23 49 IMP Okay.
Okay, Jack. I got another question on page 18. At 1 minute, I concur with MASTER ARM ON, but I wonder why I have to have the ABORT STAGE breaker in. We sure don't want any staging now.
Aquarius, delete the ABORT STAGE circuit breaker CLOSE. Leave it open.
Okay. Also, Jack, since we have four-jet ullage versus two, do you want - still want 10 seconds ullage or do you want 5 now?
Okay, Aquarius, we'll use automatic ullage.
Okay. We'll just let the 7-1/2-second AUTO ullage do it.
Roger, and we'd like to do this in manual throttle, so on page 17 about two-thirds of the way down, THROTTLE CONTROL, MANUAL, vice AUTO. 02 13 25 35 IMP Okay. We're set to MANUAL.
We've got 203 in the DSKY now and it looks as though it requires work, can we pass it?
Aquarius, we'd like to verify that your throttle is in the MIN position.
And, in the event that you have to do a manual takeover, turn the ENGINE GIMBAL OFF, MODE CONTROL to ATTITUDE HOLD, and use the hand - use the TTCA.
Okay, MASTER ARM'S ON; 1 minute.
Roger, Aquarius. You're GO for the burn.
Okay, Aquarius. You're looking good.
AUTO shutdown. 02 13 30 40 IMP Okay. You're looking at 1685 now. Jack.
Okay. You're GO in the residuals, proceed. 02 13 30 55 IMP Okay. When you say GO on the residuals, you mean don't trim them. Is that right?
That's affirmative. No trim required.
Roger. 02 13 31 08 IMP Okay.
Aquarius, check your MASTER ARM OFF, please.
Okay, Houston. Burn's complete. Now we have to talk about powerdown, and what do you want us to do with the PGNS?
Roger. We're looking at that right now, and you'll be the first one to get the word.
Roger, Jim. We'll get the word for you.
And, Houston, we're in an ATT HOLD mode, can we turn off the buses?
Okay, Aquarius. We're working on what's going to happen next. In the meantime, we'd like to take some high-power items off the line, so on panel 11, open DECA POWER, and open DECA GIMBAL. On 16, open the ATCA breaker.
Okay, on 11, we got DECA POWER, DECA GIMBAL, OPEN. On 16, we got the ATCA breaker OPEN.
And, Houston, while you're thinking, see if you can come up with a procedure of perhaps using the command module optics with manual drive to perhaps look for stars.
And, Jack, Aquarius. While you're thinking - before we had our C0MM problems, we were wanting to know what to - whether we should hook up the side hatch urine dump system. So ve wouldn't freeze up the normal urine dump system.
Roger. We gave you a GO on that earlier. Sorry, you must have missed it. Use the side hatch for urine dump.
And, how are the stars out the window now?
Well, I'll look again, Jack, but at this attitude, the Sun is reflecting off of - off of quad 4 so bright that it's ruining any night vision and we still got particles floating around us; I'll have to take a long look and see if I can see any star patterns.
Roger. And Aquarius, we're going to have to hand you over to a different site now, and we think maybe things will work better if this time we turn off the S-band transmitter/receiver, and bring it back up in 5 minutes. You copy?
Okay. I understand you want us to turn off the S-band transmitter/receiver and bring it up in 5 minutes. Is that correct?
And you want us to maintain attitude control.
Affirmative on the attitude control.
That's auto attitude control. Okay. You maintain auto attitude control.
Okay, Jack, I'm back on the line now. On the S-band, you want me to turn off the transmitter/ receiver and the power amps are off for 5 minutes. Is that - when you give me the word - is that what you want?
Aquarius, leave the power amplifier the way it is. Turn the transmitter/receiver off for 5 minutes. Now. 02 13 44 19 MP Okay. You tell me - you tell me when.
Okay. Turn it off now. See you in 5 minutes. 02 13 44 26 IMP Okay. It's gone off. It's gone off for 5 minutes.
Aquarius, Houston. How do you read?
Okay. You're loud and clear there, Jack.
Roger. Same here. We're - We're still discussing the next move.
I figured it. Let's just make it a good one.
Okay. Stand by on your latter list there, Jack. I understand no urine dumps. I guess we'll work through the UCD and all the bags we got; and real quick there, can you give a DAP load that we want in here now to conserve the RCS.
Okay. For attitude control coordinates, we're recommending manual control VERB 76 and watch your middle gimbal angle. Your DAP load that you have now looks good.
Okay. It's ATT HOLD VERB 76 for the guy on watch. And the DAP load we got right now is okay.
Aquarius, our decision for the time is to leave the IMU powered up, power down the LGC, and power down other nonessential items. We'll be coming up with a more precise checklist as soon as we can get it. Over.
Okay. The decision is to keep the platform, power down the computer, and we'll be standing by for further word on the powerdown. Jack.
And, Aquarius, for your information, we now have 136-mile perigee. Confirmed by Doppler.
Okay. 136-mile perigee now. That's very nice.
Oh, wait a minute, Jack. Did you say pericynthion or perigee?
And, Houston, we pulled out your UPDATA LINK circuit breaker, so if you want to update it for anything, let us know and we'll put it back in.
Houston, do you read Apollo 13?
This is Houston. Go ahead. Reading you weakly.
Okay, Jack. We don't want to bug you, but you ought to be thinking - or what your thoughts are concerning what the next burn will be. I got to figure out a watch schedule and the sleep schedule and just how we can meet the next maneuver.
Roger. We're getting you a flight plan update. We're still computing on your next burn, and we're getting ready to give you a procedure for powerdown.
Aquarius, one idea on managing the OMNI antennas. It might make it easier on everybody if we disabled the UPLINK SQUELCH and managed the antennas by switching when we hear the noise. Over.
Aquarius, Houston. How do you read?
That's affirmative, Jim. We'd keep your ball powered up and go to DIRECT on the hand controller. And maintain attitude in a DIRECT position.
Okay. Understand; and do you want some sort of a PTC mode, Jack?
Affirmative. We'll take whatever PTC mode you can set up, Jim.
Okay. And since you know our approximate attitude, how about just getting me something to find you on the DSKY for a southerly plus X-direction.
And one other question, Houston. When you say power down the DSKY or the LGC, do you mean going into 06 or multiple circuit breaker?
Stand by on powering down the DSKY, Jim. We'll give you the procedure for that. The procedure that we- -
- - the procedure that we have is listed in several places. It's in the Contingency checklist under "Power down" on page 1, second paragraph.
And we'll give you that word when we want you to do that. That's LGC only, not to power down the IMU. But we'd like to have you hold off on that until we send you the word. Over.
And, Aquarius, while we're working on this, we have a proposed flight plan update for your working and resting cycles. And - You ready to copy?
Okay. Do you want me to write this in the flight plan, per se. Jack?
You can probably write it on a piece of scratch paper. This is pretty easy.
Okay. Go ahead. We got a lot of scratch paper.
Okay. I'll eat after I wake up between 69 and 70.
All right we have additional - -
- - and I've got the correction to P - -
Yes. We got the word the P51, P52 is going to be done around 77 hours, while we're in darkness.
That's affirmative. And we have a work-rest cycle laid out for further on, which we can relay to you later.
Okay. And, Houston, you have advice on what attitude you want me to go to.
Okay. That'll be the next bit of information. I'll get that for you, Jim.
Aquarius, Houston. We've got a procedure for you. Ready to copy?
Okay. We're to drive the commander's ball to a pitch of 267.5, yaw minus 4.5. And we should have in 16 20 at that time, plus 00120, plus 26750, plus 00450.
That's a good readback. We'll watch the maneuver.
Roger. You didn't mention roll on the ball. Do you want roll zero?
The roll ought to be plus 1.2, Jim.
Okay. We're just about there in pitch and in ... middle gimbal angle, but that other gimbal angle didn't look like it pulled the right way. I tried both methods.
Yes. I been looking at that, too, and we're asking why, and we'll get an answer for you.
Yes. Houston, I wonder if you're accounting for being a bit off the bellyband here, and I've gone through GASTA.
And, Fred-o, I know you're supposed to start sleeping here pretty soon, but we got a new PC plus 2 pad, P30 maneuver pad for you.
Okay, Fred. I have a correction in NOUN 8l. DELTA-Vz is minus 02226. Read back.
Okay. DELTA-Vz in NOUN 8l is minus 02226.
Somehow that didn't add up with the DELTA-Vx to give a DELTA-Vr of that magnitude. It seems like it'd been bigger.
Okay. We'll take another look at it, Fred.
Okay, Houston. I'm not having too much luck holding this particular attitude.
Okay, Houston. You cut out, say again.
Okay. Where'd you lose me, Jim?
I lost you when you said try the control mode; you're a little skeptical.
Okay. Go ahead with the control mode procedure.
Okay. I'm not ... you. I can monitor register 3. I can probably keep it out of ... - going into gimbal lock.
Roger. How are pitch and roll?
Okay. I think I can control the gimbal angles in 16 20 with the compressors the way they are, but I'll have to try MINIMUM IMPULSE - Just a minute.
Okay, Jack. I've a question - one more question about Odyssey.
Okay, I still have the PYRO A sequence A and PYRO B sequence B circuit breakers in. Do you want those out?
Odyssey, Houston. The two circuit breakers you referred to, leave them in.
Okay, Houston. I can control yaw in minimum impulse, but stand by on pitch.
And, Fred-o, the DELTA-Vr resultant computes with the components.
Fred's off the C0MM now, Jack.
And, Jack, we didn't get that whole sentence there.
Okay. I said that the DELTA-Vr that Fred questioned computes well with the component - its rms.
Okay, now. Jack, let's go over this once more. You wanted me to try out control of the space- craft in the PULSE mode. Is that correct?
That's affirmative. Set up a yaw rate and moni- tor the middle gimbal angle.
Okay. I can do that. I'm not too sure whether I can control roll or pitch in pulse, but I can control yaw in pulse - yaw in pulse on the ball.
Roger. And remember we're not going to have a ball there, so that we're going to be monitoring CDUs on the DSKY, and if we get it off, it will be pretty hard to figure out where to fly back to; and, well, in addition, have to control the OMNIs while we're doing this. )
Without the ball, I still have use of the TTCA for control of the - angles.
Affirmative. You'll have the TTCA for pitch and roll.
Okay. I think I can do that without the ball, and if you just give me the TTCAs I think I can control the spacecraft using 16 20.
Okay, Jack. I am now - The REGISTER 1 is in the DECREASE mode.
And, Houston, do you see anything wrong with this spacecraft motion?
We have a data drop on right now, Jim; we'll look at it as soon as it comes up.
Okay. You want me to go back to original attitude. I'll be going back to it now.
Okay, Houston; Aquarius. I'm flying it back over towards the initial angles you gave me of a pitch of 257. I'll get near the bellyband in roll and yaw; then I'll go to PGNS ATT HOLD.
That's affirmative, Jim. And then we're going to have you go through a powerdown procedure.
And you'll need VERB 77 with ATT HOLD when you get there.
Okay, Jack. Have I gotten your 360 on yaw and roll? I'm going to go to ATT HOLD.
Roger. And then we want to get the ball part down.
Okay. I'm now in PGNS ATT HOLD. And are you reading my DSKY angles?
Now, you want me to power down the ball, and if you'll give me the procedure for that, I'll do it right away.
Okay. We'll buy what you've got on the DSKY there, and we'd just like to go through an overall powerdown procedure, and in so doing we'll catch the ball and inverter and it will only take a few minutes. So are you ready to start on panel 11?
Roger. Jack will copy, and I'll do the work.
Okay. Panel 11, top row, open all the circuit breakers.
All circuit breakers on top row coming open.
Okay. Second row, close the first six on the left through the IS0L VALVE and open all to the right of that.
Okay. First six on the left are closed - That's through the IS0L VALVE, but I opened up every one from there on.
Okay. Third row, open up the next five - correction - Open up the first five on the left, close A0T HEATER, close SIG CONDITIONER 1. Close ATTITUDE DIRECT, and open the rest on row three.
Do you want ATCA (PGNS) open?
Leave ATCA (PGNS) closed; four breakers on the third row must be closed. AOT HEATER, SIG CON- DITIONER l, and ATCA (PGNS), ATTITUDE DIRECT CONTROL. Our mistake, good going.
Okay. I'm opening up ENGINE START OVERRIDE right now. And that row's taken care of.
Okay. And EPS, close BAT FEED TIES, CROSSTIE BAL LOAD, and open the CROSS TIE BUS. Close the next three; open ASCENT ECA CONTROL, ASCENT ECA, and INVERTER 1. Close DC BUS VOLT. Go ahead.
That's complete, Jack. Panel 11 is configured.
Okay. Let's go over to panel 16, top row, and starting from the left - Open the first four. 02 15 37 27 Stand by, Jack.
Okay. Starting from the left, open the first four.
Okay. And close the IS0L VALVE, keep your TCA breakers closed, close the CROSSFEED, open the next two displays. Close the MAIN SOV and the PROPULSION breakers should all three be open.
Roger. The main valves are closed, and the DISPLAY ENGINE OVERRIDE LOGIC'S coming open, and the PQGS and ASC He REG are open.
That's affirmative. The second row: they should all be open except for three breakers under instrumentation. Close SIG SENSOR, PCM/TE, and SIG CONDITIONER 2. Over.
Roger. Do you want SUIT FLOW CONTROL open?
ENGINE ARM coming open and ASA I guess will be open. Is that correct?
We just got a change on that. Lot's keep the ASA closed.
How about SUIT FLOW CONTROL and ENGINE ARM?
Okay, Jim. SUIT FLOW CONTROL can be open, and ENGINE ARM - ENGINE ARM open.
Okay. Row 3 under COMM. Open DISPLAYS, close SE AUDIO, open VHF A TRANSMITTER and B RECEIVER, close the PRIMARY S-BAND circuit breakers, both of them. Open the S-BAND ANTENNA, PMP closed, TV open, and all the rest of them open under ECS, except CO2 SENSOR, closed.
That's been completed, Jack.
Okay, Jim. And we've already got a change to what we just told you. Under ECS, close the CABIN REPRESS, and insure that the ASA BREAKER is closed under S and C.
The ASA BREAKER is closed, but I closed the CABIN REPRESS.
Okay, Jim. Looks like what we have to do is - In order to maintain even heating, we just have to yaw the whole machine about 90 degrees per hour in increments. So we'll give you a call when it's time to yaw 90 degrees.
Okay. We have to YAW the machine as I understand it, Houston, and you'll give it to me in increments of 90 degrees.
Okay. We're going to POO and DATA. The circuit breaker is closed.
Houston, Aquarius. Did you say that you had a new pad for us to copy?
Jim, I passed that newest pad that we have to Fred about 30 minutes ago. That's our latest. It's PC plus 2, and it begins with NOUN 33 of 79 hours 27 minutes and 40.13 seconds. You got that one?
Okay. We've got that one. What kind of a ATT HOLD MODE do you want us to do? Do you want us to do WIDE DEADBAND? I didn't ... on the DAP.
Jim, the deadband is good the way it is. It's 5 degrees, if you want to stay in it. And stay in the PGNS ATT HOLD mode.
Two things, Jim. We want you to know that there's some pretty big attitude errors in, so if you go to AUTO, the computer is going to try to crank you around, and the other thing is don't drink water out of the LM.
Okay. You might think about this. You know we lost our oxygen pressure in the command module.
Aquarius, we're finished with the uplink. The computer is yours, and you can open the UPDATA LINK circuit breaker.
Okay. We've opened up the UPDATA LINK, and we've gone OFF of DATA, and I've got 16 20 in the computer.
Roger, Jim. I guess we're going to just kind of perk away here now.
Okay, Jack. One more question about Odyssey here.
Okay. How about the service module 02 supply valve? Do you want that off?
Affirmative. Service module O2 supply off, Jack.
And, Jim, we see a PROGRAM ALARM in there. We think it's just got to do with pulling the UPDATA LINK circuit breaker - UPLINK too fast.
Roger. I don't see it. Should I reset?
One thought that might occur here is that if we have low descent water pressure, we might consider taking the PLSS water and fill it in reverse. If that works, you might look at a procedure for that.
That's a good thought. Let us bounce that around a little.
Okay, Jim. That's a good thought, and we've looked at that, and it looks like that's feasible. So if and when we need to do that, we will.
And, something else, Jack. When it's time for me to make my 90-degree yaw, what I planned on doing was going to NOUN 76 hold and just pulse and yaw several times until the yaw start and hope that pitch and roll stay within the limit.
Roger. It sounds like a good plan and you can use your TTCA in MIN IMPULSE to take care of pitch and roll.
Aquarius, Houston. We see ASCENT 02 tank number 2 building up again, so we'd like to use something out of it, so turn on ascent O2 tank number 2 and turn off descent 02.
Roger. Opening up ascent O2 tank number 2, and turning offf descent.
Roger. We're thinking of that too, and one problem is that the C0MM is connected securely to the hose, so we've got to get the COMM.cable off somehow to get that - So we'll still have C0MM down here in the LM and you have the hose up there.
Houston, we're trying to extend that commander's hose by use of the vacuum hose.
Sounds like a good plan if you can work that out, Jim.
Aquarius, if you can shake Jack loose there, I've got a - some procedures for him to write down.
Okay, Jack. Is this a long one?
Oh, it's about 12 - 15 lines. It's a matter of verifying some valves and so forth.
That's it. Jack. And another note on taking water; if you don't drain enough water so that - -
Okay. We just want you to turn off the water accumulators and not the glycol accumulator. Over.
Okay. These are the water accumulators on 382, right?
That's affirm. The accumulators on 382.
Roger, Jack. We're asking whether P51 and a P52 are required in the back side of the Moon.
I think so, Jim, but stand by while I verify it-
We think we know where the platform is, Jim. The tracking looks real good from the last burn. We feel just a P52 will be required.
Joe, has your continued tracking changed our pericynthion altitude any?
Stand by. We'll get the latest on that, Jack.
Roger, Jack. We're still looking at 137 miles and Doppler's confirming it. We will have a good update after 67 hours.
That's good. I want to say you guys are doing real good work.
Okay. You can read up the steps.
Okay. Step 1, BI0MED off; step 2, go to LOW BIT RATE; step 3, go to D0WNV0ICE BACKUP; step 4, POWER AMP to PRIME; step 5, panel l6, POWER AMP CIRCUIT BREAKER open; step 6, RANGE FUNCTION switch, off. Read those back to me, and then I'll have a remark.
Okay. BIOMED, off; LOW BIT RATE; DOWNVOICE BACKUP; POWER AMP to PRIME; circuit breakers, panel 16, POWER AMP CIRCUIT BREAKER, open. RANGE FUNCTION switch, off.
Okay. In this mode, you should hear us - or we should hear you, but if you can't hear us, then we ought to close POWER AMP circuit breaker again. Is that right.
That's affirm. We'll just run a little COMM check after you get done and see how we're doing.
Okay, fine. And if that all fails, we'll go back to our original configuration.
Okay. Circuit breakers 16, POWER AMP circuit breaker, open; COMM; POWER AMP circuit breaker, open.
Yes, I think so; yes, that's off.
... Okay, Houston; Aquarius. How do you read me
Aquarius, this is Houston. We read you with a lot ... static. How do you read us? Over.
We read you with a lot of noise, the noise seems to indicate ... read you better.
I didn't copy your last remark, Jim. I heard that you had a lot of noise in the background also.
Okay, Houston; Aquarius. How do you read us now?
Just the same, Jim. You're readable but it's very noisy.
Okay. We can still read you. Do you want us to remain in this configuration?
Stay there for the next minute or two anyway, Jim, while we evaluate it.
Okay. I'll tell you what we need. Jack. Try to get this squared away again. We - See if you can't report the right procedures here. ... the procedures, the whole works, before we get all balled up here.
I've come up with nothing here.
Stand by for ... Give me - ... over on my side there. My - ...
Find anything back in there?
Better get a ... there, a paper towel.
Let's just check in here ...
... Well, we should have some around here somewhere.
Why don't you put that right up there, just like that. Is that all you've got on it? There you go. 02 16 58 01 LMP
It sure stays on, I'll tell you that. It's built like a regular ...
Hey, look out that left-hand window. ... I can't see a thing.
Well, is there anything ... done earlier?
Okay. What we do here is, ...? 02 16 59 29 LMP
Find the flight plan, too, while up there.
Okay. Why don't you recopy this procedure on page 4-42.
We going to keep a log of all the procedures?
We ought to copy down the ones that get water, too. ... Keep them all in one spot.
Okay. Speak slow because there's a lot of noise in the background. Have you completed your first 90-degree yaw maneuver? And, if you haven't, we recommend it. Over.
Okay. We have not. We have not completed it. We will start. We want you to monitor the maneuver. Over.
Okay, Jim. And I want to pass you up a short procedure for activating the S-band steerable antenna, which we'd like you to do after you complete the 90-degree yaw. Are you ready to copy? Over.
Okay. First, on panel 11, close the S-BAND ANTENNA circuit breaker. Then go to Activation, page 28, steerable antenna activation - -
- - and complete steps 2, 3, and 4 of Activa- tion 28. You'll have to do a VERB 64 to get the pitch and yaw angles, and the last step is on panel l6, S-BAND ANTENNA HEATER circuit breaker to CLOSE. Over.
Joe, we didn't get all of that. We just have, "Complete steps 2, 3, and 4 of activation" and then 68 or 28.
Aquarius, Houston. That procedure I just passed you, please disregard it. Over.
Disregard it. Okay. Do you want me to start my yaw maneuver now? And I'll be yawing to my right. One-way maneuver.
Roger. Right yaw is acceptable, but wait 1 before you start the maneuver.
Okay. You are GO to commence the yaw maneuver. If we don't have COMM after you complete the yaw maneuver, bring the power amplifier back on. Over.
Roger. Understand. We'll start the yaw.
They're almost getting bigger and bigger. Jack. It's over here now.
Hey, you got a list ... off over here.
... to do is put water in it.
What do I turn that to? 02 17 13 51 CMP
... Yes ... down to 270 ...
Why don't you go RATE/RATE now, before we ...
We're on the ascent tank, too.
Houston, Aquarius. Did you call?
Negative, Houston. We did not call. How you reading us?
Get up front and turn that antenna ...
And, Houston, could you give us an approximate time to turn off the ascent 02 in case we're losing point with you?
Roger, Jim; and copying about half your words.
Roger, Houston. We'd like a time to go back t descent 02 in case we lose communications with you.
Jim, Houston. That's affirmative. You may go back to descent 02. Over.
Think we'll have any trouble getting that ... with that ... in there?
Probably not, if everything holds together because we already made one burn.
And the temperatures look good. When you make a burn, does that do something ...? 02 17 22 32 CDR
Well, Jack. This is going to be difficult. 02 17 22 55 CMP
I'll tell you, we'll have to start thinking about ...
How about that ... tank ...?
How much of that oxygen are you going to use for - 02 17 30 30 IMP We got - water glycol ... off. — need any more water? ... again?
Houston, Aquarius. Are you ...?
Aquarius, Houston. Say again, please.
Roger. We have a radio check at a new attitude.
Okay, Jim. We copy the angles. How are you receiving the voice now? Over.
Okay. Real good. You are clear. We still have a lot of noise, but if you talk slow I think we can manage.
This is Aquarius. Go ahead.
Roger, Jim. We're trying to improve our COMM down here. We'd like to try going function switch from DOWN VOICE BACK UP to VOICE. Over.
... DOWN VOICE BACKUP ... switch going from DOWN VOICE BACKUP to VOICE.
Aquarius, Houston. Request a short count. Over.
Aquarius, Houston. We're not reading you at all. Request you go back to DOWN VOICE BACKUP. Over.
All right. Houston, Aquarius in DOWN VOICE BACKUP. How do you read? Over.
Okay, Jim, we read you now and you'd better stay in this configuration.
Okay ... 02 17 40 37 IMP ..., OFF.
Roger, Houston. Would you say one more time ... please?
Okay, Jim. The circuit breakers are the ANUNCIATOR/DOCK/COMPONENT circuit breakers on panel 11, third row, far right, under LIGHTING; and on panel 16, also under LIGHTING, second row, third from the left. Over.
Roger, Houston. We have those two circuit breakers - engaged.
Aquarius, this is Houston. Go ahead.
Okay, Jim. I think I understood that the rendezvous radar antenna is in the way and you would like a procedure to get it out of the way. Is that right?
That's affirm; at the proper time, and with minimum power.
Roger. Understand. We'll work that.
Okay. Jim, we have a handover coming up on the hour; that's in a minute and a half. On the hour, we would like you to turn the S-BAND TRANSMITTER/RECEIVER switch to OFF, and 5 minutes later turn it back to PRIMARY. Over.
Okay, Houston. Shortly you want us to turn the S-BAND TRANSMITTER/RECEIVER to OFF; 5 minutes later, turn it back to PRIMARY.
That's affirmative, Jim. After the handover apparently they want to make sure that they lockup with you and not the IU.
Roger. And let me know when you want me to turn it off.
Roger. You can turn it off now.
And, Houston, when do you want me to turn that S-BAND TRANSMITTER/RECEIVER off?
Aquarius, Houston. Turn it off now.
Okay, Aquarius; Houston. We have data back and I as sume we have COMM. Over.
Houston, this is Aquarius. The COMM is very, very, very noisy. Over.
Aquarius, Houston. Copy that. It's noisy on our end, too; stand by while we think about it.
Houston, Aquarius. I am unable to ... now ...
Jim, Houston. I think you just called, but I didn't copy you.
Jim, recommend you push the POWER AMPLIFIER circuit breaker on panel l6 in. Over.
Roger. POWER AMPLIFIER circuit breaker panel l6 going in.
POWER AMPLIFIER circuit breaker is in.
Okay, Jim. How is the COMM now? Over.
A lot of background noise. Let me turn off the SQUELCH.
Okay. You're quite a bit better.
Whenever I enable SQUELCH, I lose you. Over.
Roger. Stand by. You are much better down link.
Okay, Jim. This is Houston. We recommend that you set the FUNCTION switch from D0WNV0ICE BACKUP to VOICE. Over.
Roger. FUNCTION switch going from D0WNV0ICE BACKUP to VOICE.
Okay, Jim. How's the COMM now?
FUNCTION switch ... There's still a lot of background noise, Joe.
Okay. We'll look at it some more. Your COMM down to us is excellent now.
Aquarius, Houston. Go ahead.
The noise we're experiencing is similar to what we had sometime before when you switched stations .
Roger, Jim. INCO is checking into what we can do about the noise. It may be a problem with the new site.
Aquarius, Houston. Is the noise any better now? Over.
This is Aquarius. Negative.
Roger. 02 18 33 34 CDH Houston, Aquarius.
Aquarius, Houston. Go ahead.
Roger. Will you let us know when you want us to yaw another 90 degrees right?
Okay, Jim. We're ready now to yaw another 90 degrees to the right.
We are going to try to improve the C0MM and telemetry by temporarily breaking lock and reacquiring. You may hear some noise in your headset.
Okay. Couldn't be any more noise than we're getting now.
Aquarius, Houston. Go ahead.
Okay. Now that there's no noise, you can give ...
Jim, I didn't copy that. Your COMM is pretty good, though. How is it with us?
Houston, do you want to reconfigure the DOWN VOICE BACKUP again?
Aquarius, Houston. I don't think so at this time. Our voice is good now. How's yours?
Okay, why don't we stay where we are for a few minutes.
Okay. Houston, Aquarius. We're deadbanding in the new attitude.
Aquarius, Houston. Roger that, and your COMM is good.
Okay, we'll go to DOWN VOICE BACKUP and pull the POWER AMPL circuit breaker, and if we get into trouble, we'll come back again.
Okay, real fine, and we estimate the next yaw maneuver should start at about 68:02. Over.
Okay. Could you give me that in minutes?
I sure can. That's going to be in 29 minutes from now, Jim.
Okay, Houston. We're in DOWN VOICE BACKUP and the POWER AMPLIFIER is pulled.
Jim, Houston. Roger that. You are readable through the noise. How are we? Over.
Yes, I guess ... at this time ... out ... configuration ..., and we have to get ... ...
Okay. What else do we have to ... 02 19 36 18 LMP
I guess they're going to take ...
Well, there's another good one ...
No. ... we had battery power for a while, we could ...
... ... all powered down. 02 19 40 07 CDR
Seems like ... the burn ...
... We 're going to have to do something to get all this water out of here.
I'll set up ... before I turn the thing on.
Okay, we'll get this thing -
Well, I'm afraid this is going to be the last lunar mission for a long time. 02 20 03 40 IMP ... copy.
Are we in DOWN VOICE BACKUP ...
Maybe it should reverse itself. I think ...
Aquarius, this is Houston. Go ahead.
Roger, Jim. We show you on telemetry. Looks solid at the new attitude. Just by the way of information, the latest tracking data shows the pericynthion to be holding somewhere above 136 miles, and the pad you have is still good. Over.
Okay, and, Jim, we wonder whether you've attempted to get drinking water out of the command module po-ti [sic] tank yet. It's - Is that going all right or do you have any questions on it. Over.
We're all ... do it at l69 hours - or 69 hours.
I need a command module activation ...
Aquarius, Houston. Go ahead.
Joe, can you also get us an idea about how far out we can expect to make it on the command module batteries.
Okay, Jack. It sounds as though we probably don't want to power up the command module before EI minus 2 hours. That doesn't mean we can't start our procedure a good deal before that, but we don't want to power it up much before EI minus 2. Over.
Okay. I was just thinking in case something - we had the sort of problem here about how we would go about getting in the command module ... we need to power up - and - in order to make it back into Earth.
Right, Jack. It's quite clear that we're going to have to very carefully make up a full check- list for you on that; we'll do it.
What they're going to do is ... power Aquarius up ...
Oh, well, we've got to have something to ... Besides, we can get rid of the LM ... decide then what they'll do.
My guess is what they'll do - Well, I guess, aline the GDC ... and get EMS ...
And - we haven't even figured out yet the ... batteries, have we?
... - hundred ampere-hours. We had it figured out that we had 550 ampere—hours left. ... 02 20 42 43 CDR
Fred-o. We're 68 hours, about, and 46 mintes. Did you sleep good?
Yes, I think I'll do that right now. Fred-o, get on the ...
Okay, Jack, take the lithium hydroxide canisters out. Tie them down, or something like that ... command module. And then get us some food ...
How much time did you say these batteries had?
Aa-ah. Think I'll get an aspirin - a couple of aspirin again ...
I'd like a couple of aspirin, too.
Well, would you like some pictures?
Be sure you get all the water out you can. 02 20 55 49 IMP You're holding your attitude right now. What time have you got to ... ?
Probably another 5 minutes.
How much water in the ... 02 20 59 30 IMP What time was it when we powered up the IM, do you recall? 58 hours?
How did the water come out?
Okay, ... That's another big man. If we have to start drinking water out of the ... drink damn near a gallon a day.
I'm also figuring that when we've got to go back in there, we'll ... take the drogue and the food ... back here - take these - put these back in there. ...
Hello, Houston. How do you read?
Aquarius, Houston; did you -
Oh, not very good, Jack; suggest that for com- munication here, we go to POWER AMPLIFIER circuit breaker IN and FUNCTION switch to VOICE.
Okay, I didn't want to get through or anything. I just wanted to check and see if we had you at all in this mode.
Oh, yes, we do have COMM. You're extremely noisy but if you read loud and slow we can easily copy it.
Okay. Joe, I read you loud and clear on this mode.
Roger, we understand that. It is strictly a downlink problem and you can stay in the DOWN VOICE BACKUP mode if you want. If we get involved in conversation, I think we'll want to go back to NORMAL voice.
Do you have an hour on your clock for ...
Joe, this is Aquarius; wonder if you can give me the GET time of initial powerup?
Fred, Houston. Understand you'd like to know the GET of your initial powerup, is that correct?
Yes, the second time in here.
Okay, we don't have a percise time for the starting of that procedure yet; we are working on it real hard. It won't be for several hours; and we'll pass it up to you just as soon as we get it. Over.
Okay, and, Joe, you want us to start a PTC maneu- ver at this time?
Roger, Jim. We would like the next yaw maneuver in about 6 minutes. Over.
Oh, yes, yes. Keep opening - open the jets slowly ... Keep working at it.
Is there some way that we could ... water in the PLSS.
Okay. Our estimate is that we will start powering up for the DPS burn at about 76 hours elapsed, which is about 6-3/4 hours from now.
Okay, Joe, about 76 hours or so and I guess you misunderstood. My question was what was the GET way back when, when I first came across to the LM and transferred to LM power? How long have we been living on the IM, now?
Oh; Roger. Stand by. I'll give you that. Yes, I just didn't understand.
Roger. We request AFT OMNI at this time. Over.
Yes. ... is going to be 123.
You mean you're ... 12247? 02 21 48 55 LMP
I'm trying to ... this heater over here.
Jim, that spacecraft's looking pretty close; a about 86 or ...
Now I'm in NORMAL voice and RANGING is up.
Okay. That was an Earth/Sun check, John. We're getting a little close to the Moon now. And the TC plus 2 maneuver still looks about 900 foot per second to get us at mid-PAC, at about 142 hours.
Aquarius, Houston. 02 23 05 19 IMP Go ahead, Joe.
Okay, Fred. We got a good batch of ranging and now we'd like you to reverse the configuration, RANGING to OFF, VOICE FUNCTION to DOWN VOICE BACKUP, POWER AMPLIFIER circuit breaker out; we'll be talking to you.
DOWN VOICE BACKUP with the POWER AMP breaker open now. How do you read?
We read you satisfactorily, Fred.
Okay. 02 23 06 17 IMP Jim and Jack are in the upstairs bedroom taking a nap now.
I didn't know that was upstairs.
We have the first space station.
Aquarius, Houston. Go ahead.
Okay, Fred. You're almost up with us. We are looking real hard at getting water from the command module waste tank into the PLSS, using that hose and then dumping it from the PLSS into the LM ascent tank, and we think it is feasible; we're checking it out to make sure.
Okay. I have time to do another maneuver here, Joe.
Okay, Fred. Let me verify that.
Fred, Houston. That is verified. You can go ahead with the yaw maneuver.
Okay. Just made another maneuver. We allowed for a little too much roll, there. I wonder if that's too much, or should I try to take it out now that I got it stopped.
Twenty degrees roll left - Yes. All right; go ahead.
Okay, Fred. I didn't copy the beginning of your message.
Okay, I - I was talking to Jim, there.
Aquarius, Houston. Over. 03 00 28 49 IMP Houston, Aquarius.
Roger, Fred-o. Reading you - -
Okay, Houston, Aquarius. Go ahead.
Okay, Fred-o. Reading you 5-by. The procedure I'm going to read up to you is a Sun check for the - to see if we're going to need an alinement or not. If you'll get out your G&N dictionary and open it to P52, page 34, we'll start at the bottom. Over.
Sounds like you broke out, Charlie.
Yes, finally, Fred-o. I've no longer got the red spots.
Okay. Stand by, Aquarius. We'll be back with you momentarily.
Aquarius, Houston. You ready with your G&N dictionary? Over.
Okay. I'm on page 34 now, looking at P52.
Okay, Fred-o. At the bottom of the page, we want step 1, on the flashing 0406, we want an option 3, and that'll pull us over to 6; and, on the 5025, we want you to do the ENTER on the 5025, and that'll bring up flashing 0170, and load in Rl 200. Over.
Okay. Let me see if I'm with you. We call up P52 and, on the flashing 0406, we PRO on a 3 REFSMMAT which leads us to a flashing 5025. We ENTER on that. On the flashing 0170, we want to ENTER a 200.
That's affirmative; and after that, you PRO on that, and you come up with a flashing 0688, and we'll have to load NOUN 88. And if you're ready to copy, I have the Sun half-unit vectors at 74 hours GET. Over. 03 00 32 47 IMP Okay. Go ahead.
Okay. At Sun half-unit vectors, X, Rl, is plus 0.45498, Y plus 19024, Z plus 08250. Over.
Okay. We PRO on - after entering the 200. We'll get a flashing 0688. We then load the Sun unit vectors for 74 hours, which are Rl plus 5 - correction, plus 45498, R2 plus 19024, R3 plus 08250.
I think that's a little tight; that's about a quarter degree. We can go a little bit out of that. Stand by 1. Fred, we'll get you an answer on that one. And also, if you'll stand by, we'll give you a DAP load for this maneuver. Over.
Okay. We'll - You'll give us a DAP load.
Aquarius, Houston. Fred-o, on that - to pass that check, the Sun is at - will septend an arc of one-half degree in the AOT, so you can be two diameters off and still pass the check. Over.
Okay. It's a half a degree, and so we can be two Sun diameters off and still pass.
That's affirmative. And we want you to maneuver with a DAP of 0.2 of a degree a second. Over.
Okay. You want us to use a DAP of 0.2.
Okay. That DAP load, Fred-o, is 31120. Over. 03 00 38 38 IMP Okay. 31120.
Okay. Go ahead for 75 hours - Sun and Earth half-unit vectors.
Roger. First with the Sun; for X, plus 45483; for Y, plus 19053; for Zebra, plus 08262; Earth half-unit vector at 75 hours, plus 32120, minus 34155, minus 17370. Over.
Okay. Sun half-unit vectors: plus 45483, R2 plus 19053, R3 plus 08262; Earth half-unit vectors: Rl plus 32120, R2 minus 34155, R3 minus 17370.
Okay. We got a 2-degree Earth that's three- quarter lighted, and we're to imagine a line between the horns of the Earth and mark right in the center of that line.
That's affirmative. Now, on - on this star check - correction, the Sun check, Fred, at - On the 5018, I got some FDAI angles for you if you're ready to copy. Over.
Okay. You're talking about the check at 74 hours GET, right?
Roger. Okay. At 74 hours when you start this maneuver, the 5018 should look like of 2703 degrees, pitch R2 is 0903, and R3 of 2908. Over.
Okay. How about making those all five digit readouts; read them again, Charlie.
Okay. Pardon me. It's 27030, 09030, 29080.
Okay. The 50l8 should look like plus 27030, R2 plus 09030, R3 plus 29080.
Aquarius, Houston. On those 5018 angles we had at 74 hours, Fred, that was based on a VERB 49 to this attitude, and they will be incorrect for for the two axis maneuvers, so you can just scratch them. Over.
Okay. You're saying the angles you gave me for the 5018, that was for a VERB 49, so they won't be good for the 5018, and we should scratch them.
That's affirmative. Okay. If you're ready to copy, I've got this rendezvous radar procedure. Over. 03 00 46 09 IMP Okay. Go ahead.
Roger. I'm right up with you at step 6. Go ahead.
Okay, Fred. Good show. Step 6: VERB 41 NOUN 72 ENTER, plus all balls, plus 28300. Step 7: Monitor movement with VERB 16 NOUN 72. Step 8: CB 11 RENDEZVOUS RADAR 2, open. Are you with me? Over.
Stand by 1. 03 00 48 28 IMP Okay. Go ahead now.
Roger. Step 9 is a VERB 44. Step 10: CB 16, EPS INVERTER 2, open. Over.
Do you want me to read it back now?
Good readback, Aquarius. We'll - To get those needles on the VERB 62, we got to power up the commander's FDAI. We'll have that procedure for you shortly. Over.
Have you run a Earth set alinement in the simula- tor with a docked configuration?
Is the question, "Have we run a - an alinement in the docked configuration?" That is affirmative.
Okay. Did you have any trouble controlling the vehicle, and what techniques did you use?
Briefly, to control pitch and roll, use the TTCA, as we've practiced; for yaw you can use the ACA. Over.
Okay. You have no special techniques going back and forth between the yaw and the X and Y lines. Over.
Not right now, Jim. Dave Scott's been running these things and we'll get them up to you shortly. Over.
Okay, Houston. It's been over an hour since we did our last PTC. You want us to do another one now?
Aquarius, Houston. We'd like you to go ahead and yaw 90 for the PTC. Keep a close eye out on your middle gimbal angle. You're about 30 degrees from gimbal lock, and we'll call you an OMNI switch halfway through the maneuver. Over.
Okay. And, Houston, Aquarius. You might know when you've had enough ranging so we can get the power amp back off again.
Okay. Verify that you got AC power, in other words, the INVERTER 2 selected and the BUS TIE INVERTER 2 AC BUS A closed. We'll be under FLIGHT DISPLAYS, CASTA closed, commander FDAI, closed. On the AC BUS A, CBs GASTA closed, COMMANDER FDAI closed. Over.
Okay. It's verify we have AC, which is panel 16 INVERTER 2 closed. CB INVERTER 2 closed. Then on panel 11 under FLIGHT DISPLAYS, we want the CASTA and the COMMANDER'S FDAI breakers closed. Also under panel 11, AC BUS A CASTA and COMMANDER'S FDAI breakers closed.
Aquarius, Houston. After the OMNI switch, we would like you to get the ranging off, the VOICE switch to DOWN VOICE BACKUP, and the POWER AMP CB on l6 open. Over.
Okay. After the OMNI switch, we'll get the POWER AMP off and go back to DOWN VOICE BACKUP FTA and the RANGING off. It's your call.
Fred-o, we got about 2 minutes to the OMNI switch. You can go ahead and power the RANGING down and and the DOWN VOICE BACKUP, and we'll give you a call on OMNI switch. Over.
How do you read Aquarius now on DOWN VOICE BACKUP?
Roger, Aquarius. We are reading you about the same, about 2-by.
Aquarius, Houston. Select FORWARD OMNI. Over.
Do you read down there, Houston?
Apollo 13, Houston. We read you weakly. Go ahead. 03 01 09 11 IMP Okay. Vance, if Buzz or Neil are around you might ask them if they had to use the AOT lamps to shoot the Sun like they did on 11.
Fred, breaking in. You're very weak. Understand if Buzz or Neil are down here, you'd like to ask them if they used the AOT lamp to what? Over.
To see the Sun, Vance. It might be possible to see the reticle without even having the light on.
Oh, I see. See if it's possible to see the reticle without the light on. Okay. We'll make a check. And one other thing, you might move that rendezvous radar antenna to park any time now. You can start any time you want.
Okay. 03 01 10 30 IMP ... it's out of the way.
Jim, Neil is here. He advises that you will not need the lamp on for the Sun check but that you will need it on for the Earth check. Over.
Okay. Let's park the radar. Are you ready?
Okay. Let me - First of all, let me see how we're doing here. That's going down. That's better. That's coming up. That's right. Let's - Okay. Let's park the radar. How - How long is it going to take?
Not too long. Okay, INVERTER 2 ... Here, hold the light for me, Jim. Right here on the ... panel. Hold it still. ... AC BUS A BUS TIE.
Okay. 03 01 12 17 IMP BUS TIE INVERTER 2.
Okay. Panel 16 verify and select INVERTER 2.
Okay. On CB 11, give me the RENDEZVOUS RADAR breakers, with 30-second spread.
Okay. ... at 15, I ... 03 01 12 45 IMP Okay. ... 30 seconds.
Okay. Thirty seconds. AC breaker.
Okay. Got a big dip. 03 01 13 21 IMP Okay. Reach up here and give me the ... panel
Okay. She's pulled. 03 01 13 33 IMP Okay. Panel 3, check the LGC.
LGC. 03 01 13 37 IMP Okay. Give me a VERB 41 NOUN 72.
Okay. And they're all zips, 28300.
It's going now. ... signal light. 03 01 14 15 IMP Right.
... is running away. Docking light. 03 01 14 26 IMP What?
Command module docking light. Okay. You got them. They're in.
Okay. Two RENDEZVOUS RADAR breakers, pull them. 03 01 14 49 CDR 03 01 14 55 IMP CB 16 INVERTER 2 open.
You know that light on the command module ... ?
Roger. One correction. We think that the cheapest way for you to maneuver to change attitude is with minimum pulse ACA. That's to do the star mark.
We had - Okay. As soon as possible we'll get that star data ... we can get to maneuver attitude by using TTCA.
And, just out of curiosity, we got rid of the radar very nicely. It's hanging right in the middle of the - the forward digit is the docking light on the command module. Can you believe that? I don't think it will hurt our Sun check, but it'll sure make P52 ...
Sorry, Jim, but we are only reading you about 1 by 1.
Look at that big ... out there.
It looks like a piece of wrapping for ... line.
You're watching that. Right?
It's going to get smaller before it gets larger.
Okay. I guess they can close it.
Okay. Did you read your figures ...?
Okay. ... P22. What's our next time line?
Did you get that or did he give it to you? 03 01 23 58 IMP He gave it to me.
Okay. Because I thought he said 2 degrees per second. Like to check on that.
Okay. Jim thinks he heard something different than I copied on the DAP load. Is REGISTER 1 supposed to be 31120?
That's correct, Fred. That was to be 31120.
And, Houston, how do you want us to ...
... 3, 2, C and D, 2, 2, 0, ... Okay. We're at high bit rate.
Well, they probably don't know what to do there.
Just want to get a time check with you. When do you want us to start powering up the ball? We just got to out PTC attitude.
Understand you'd like to know when to power up the -
We think to take about 15 - - 03 01 26 25 LMP
Yes. The ball inside the maneuver, we think it will take us about 15 minutes to get there. We'd like you to confirm that.
What would that take to use . .. use the command module or what? To load the PLSS ... 03 01 27 30 LMP Let's see, about 10 or 11 ...
When is that Sun check time supposed to take place?
Okay, Houston; Aquarius. I'd just like to do the little Sun check. Do you want me to do it now?
Jim, Roger. We just came up with a maneuver time of approximately 15 minutes, so if you start any time between now and about the next 2 minutes it would get you into attitude by 73:15. Over.
Roger. We'll start the maneuver at this time. Okay. Let's go. 03 01 32 12 IMP Okay. SPS ... - -
If we don't keep working, we'll never develop it.
... now. Power up your FDI.
Okay. Give me 16 ... Apparently. ... panel 11 ... 03 01 32 42 Yes. 03 0132 43 IMP ...GASTA. 03 01 32 45 cm Okay. 03 01 32 47 IMP And COMMANDER FDI.
And on your Ha, yaw right side, lift main line
Okay. 03 01 33 04 IMP Now ... 30 second ... Okay. Now let's get ready to run this back. ...
Okay. DEADBAND OPTION. 03 01 33 48 LMP Okay
Okay ... on this ... vector. Okay, Rl plus 45498 ... Okay, plus 190 plus 08256. Okay, now we show zips ... Okay. VERB 62 ENTER. Okay. ... and the main ... in AUTO
Houston, are you monitoring our P52 technique?
Roll, yaw, roll, pitch, and yaw.
Jim, that's negative. We don't have any data on you. Low bit rate.
We don't have high bit rate.
Houston, do you read Aquarius?
Roger. Reading you, Fred. Go ahead.
Go ahead. Houston is reading you.
Reading you loud and clear. Go ahead.
Are you monitoring our P52 technique?
That's negative, Jim. We do not have high bit rate data on you now. Over.
And be advised, Vance, that we are getting several echos in our C0MM downlink here.
Jim, request you give us high bit rate now. We might be able to fix you up on the 120 antenna.
Fred, we can't lock up on your high bit rate. Request you go back low bit rate.
Hey, we lost you there, Vance.
Roger. Advise, we are not locking up on your high bit rate, so you can go back low bit rate. Over.
Right here, Jim. There it is. Looks like it ...
I don't have all the confidence in the world in this Earth-Sun P52.
You know how many times I screwed up on my arithmetic.
Yes. Don't count your chickens before they hatch.
We're ... going to be two diameters out, huh?
Okay. Tell me what that technique is to get the lamp on, in case I don't see it.
They'll have to give you AC again and you punch in your breaker - Well, let's see - I've still got Hp on for the FDIs, so you're in business now. All you need is the lamp breaker, the AC BUS A AOT lamp breaker, that is.
Let me know when these start going. There's the Sun. Give me the - Give me the AOT.
Never mind. I don't need it. Go ahead. I got it. Never mind.
Reticle brightness, want it up? Got the reticle?
... Call it. Jack; you can see it better. 03 01 44 33 CMP
... we got it a great big one.
Yes. I show it about maybe a third of a diameter to the left.
Check your needles. You're off in roll, Jim.
Pitch and yaw are in, but we're off in your roll needle. Better get that ...
Okay. It brings it in. Say when.
Okay. We got it. I think we got it. What diameter was it?
Yes. It's coming back in. Just a second.
Yes, yaw's corning back in.
... upper right comer of the Sun.
Okay. It looks like the Sun check passes.
We understand it checks out. We're kind of glad to hear that.
It's not quite centered, but it's about a diameter, a little bit less than a diameter, just to one side.
Now. Let's get the AOT lamp on.
Which ... to get the AOT lamp on?
Okay. Pull the - your AOT lamp breaker.
Okay. And, Houston, can we proceed with our powerdown now? Getting the ball back off and AOT lamp, et cetera, AC secured.
Stand by on that one for a minute, Fred.
- - the ball ... get back to - Okay. What we'd like now, I guess, is the next attitude to go to, Vance, and we will work on getting there while we still have the ball.
Yes. We're not there yet, really. I've got 11 minutes to check ... out.
Get set. Keep ... It's better in here. Slow now ...
Jim, in a moment we will have an attitude for you to go to, and recommend that you keep your FDI up while maneuvering to that attitude. After you get there, then ve will have you widen the deadband and eventually go into a PTC about the bum attitude.
You were cut off slightly, Vance.
Roger. We will have an attitude for you to maneuver to in a moment. And you should leave your FDI up for that. The attitude is as follows if you are ready to copy. Over.
Okay. This is FDAI attitudes for the maneuver. Yaw 060 degrees, pitch 083 degress, roll 272 degrees .
Let's not read that in the Rl, R2. I don't want VERB 69 twice. I want VERB 49, 58g's so I can fly the needle.
Jim. Those are not VERB 49 angles. Those are strictly FDAI attitudes. Over.
Okay. I understand, Vance. It's much easier if the ball is up to fly the needles; that gives me a drift of VERB 49, 58g maneuver. We could fly that manually.
Stand by. We'll try to get you a VERB 49 angle.
On that last check, what did it look like?
This is the first three-man LM we've had.
And, Vance, which - What hack you got now on GET?
Okay. Standby on that, Fred. First, let me read up your VERB 49 attitude, if you are ready to copy.
Okay. Yaw 27100, pitch 35500, roll 33000. Over.
Ask him if you keep it in AUTO maneuver there.
Okay. VERB 49, yaw plus 27100, pitch plus 35500, roll plus 33000. And do you think it's cheaper to manually make that maneuver or take the 0.2- degree range and go in AUTO maneuver?
Fred, we're recommending AUTO maneuver. Over.
Okay. AUTO maneuver, and could you give me a GET right now.
Okay. I understand you want GET of the burn. Stand by 1.
That's negative, Vance. What is you clock reading right now?
Okay. When I give you a hack, it will be 73:59, and that's about 40 seconds away.
Okay. I think we will make one last check there with the half-unit vectors for 74 hours before we leave this attitude.
Okay. And I'm going to calculate in the 2 sec- onds in giving you the time hack coming up on 73:59:00 when I give the mark. Okay. Stand by.
Okay. I understand you got it.
You want me to PROCEED one more time on that, Jack?
Oh, it's on; it's a center.
That's it, she's right on still. Okay. I have, too. That's better than I expected.
Okay. Let's do a VERB 74 and get out of here.
If we can. Go to P00? Okay. I'm going to go to -
. Roger. 35500, plus 33000. ...
Let me see. No, that's yaw, pitch, and - Okay. Everything's That's roll, pitch, and yaw.
The roll's going to be down here, but the yaw will be off the bellyband. ... procedure, or don't you have a procedure?
Roll, pitch, and yaw, but drift's the one. That would be gimbal lock if it wasn't for being off ...
And, Houston, I see that this maneuver gives us a roll of 27172, a pitch of 08301. Is that what they gave us?
This is Houston. Please repeat.
Houston, did you give us VERB 49 in yaw, pitch, and roll, or register 1, 2, and 3?
We gave it as yaw, pitch, and roll.
Okay. We wrote it as roll, pitch, and yaw.
Okay, Jim. We read it to you as yaw, pitch, and roll, and we should have given it to you registers 1, 2, and 3; but we did not. So register 1 is 33000, register 2 is 35500, and register 3 is 27100.
Okay, Vance. Register 1 will be 33000, register 2 35500, register 3 27100.
Hey, Fred? Stand by on that.
Okay. Plus 27100. Okay. Stand by. Right now you can enter ...
Okay, Jim. We sorted it out, and it is correct the way we gave you the first time. So, Rl 27100, and in the LM, that's yaw; R2 35500, and that's pitch; R3 33000, and that's roll in the LM. Over.
I agree with you. Okay. 5018, it's there, and 5018, and that's what it will be. Okay.
That's right. That's VERB 49.
Okay. Plus 27100, plus 35500, plus 33000.
So far we're ... what can we do about it?
Apollo 13, Houston. You better watch that middle gimbal. Over.
Roger. We're watching that middle gimbal. We have as a roll, 27172. Our yaw is - that's register 3 - 3300. How did we get this?
And, Apollo 13. We have a procedure for you describing how to widen the deadband to 5 degrees later on. But stand by for that.
Apollo 13, you're heading for gimbal lock. You better stop everything.
Yes, we're back in ATT HOLD now. We're trying to stop it.
Can you give it a roll up now, Jim?
I don't understand why we got that.
Apollo 13, Houston. It looks like VERB 49 maneuver will just take you right through there. You're going to have to go around it. Over.
Okay. That's what we're in the process of doing.
We're manually working our way around it, Vance.
How do I work my way around it? I'm 58g's, and I want yaw 231, right? I think they screwed up on our - our numbers again.
Zero out the needles; we're heading that way, and then we'll stop and talk about it.
No. Pitch is 83. Pitch should be up here. What's the number, 552?
Pitch should be 83 degrees. ...
Roll 232; that's a long way to roll, ... yaw is 62 ...
Okay. What's that read; there's 180.
... is over here. Houston, 13.
There's something screwed up on our bum attitude. We're not getting the proper readings on the ball and the needles are centered. I'm not too sure what's wrong. Let's go through this procedure again.
Okay. Standby 1. Let us look at it.
- - angles you gave us, Vance, aren't correlating the VERB 49 numbers.
We know the ball is good. Why don't we just get a 40?
You better watch out; it's heading that way.
Okay, Jim. To answer your last question, do you have PGNS checklist page 57 handy?
Right, we do. I'll check it.
As soon as you open up to that, I'll explain it.
Okay. Under VERB 49, crew-defined maneuver, the flashing 0622 are the angles that we gave you that were loaded. The flashing 50l8 actually represents FDAI angles, and so what you read on 5018 should - -
- - should not correspond with NOUN 22.
Yes. We appreciate that, Vance. It's just that right now we're trying to follow center needles that appear to be possibly taking us away from the place we know we want to be in the ball.
Okay. You're tending toward the gimbal lock area again. Heads up.
request you put in the POWER AMPL circuit breakers so that we can take a lock at your angles.
Thank you. And now high bit rate.
Okay, 13; we're getting your high bit rate now and taking a look at your angles.
Okay, Jim, we just took a look at your angles, and you're looking good here. Your PGNS is looking good. We can't yet explain the attitude error needle thing, but I suggest you continue on in your maneuver.
Roger. Okay. We've just about got roll.
Houston. We see you now in the AUTO maneuver. How are your error needles looking now?
Okay. They look like they are working their way in, Vance.
Okay. You think maybe they are working right now?
Yes. Because we got a 270-degree roll, our pitch and yaw needles are reversed.
Say, how do you read, Vance?
Fred, you are starting to fade out. Request AFT OMNI, OMNI AFT.
Okay, Houston; Aquarius. We appear to be there - at the burn attitude. And now do you want us to change the DAP?
Roger, Jim. We have a procedure to give you for widening the deadband to 5 degrees for the PTC in the next 3 or 4 hours, if you're ready to copy.
Okay. VERB 21, NOUN Ol, ENTER; 30ll, ENTER; 44, ENTER. Now, that's the procedure for widening the deadband to 5 degrees with the DAP. Later on, prior to the burn, you would return the deadband to 1.4 degrees, and if you're ready to copy, I'll read you that.
Okay. To return the deadband later to 1.4 degrees: VERB 21, NOUN 01, ENTER; 3011, ENTER; 200, ENTER. Over.
Okay, Vance. To widen the deadband, we'll enter a VERB 21, NOUN 01, ENTER; 3011, ENTER; 44, ENTER. Before the bum to go back to narrow deadband, it's VERB 21, NOUN 01, ENTER; 3011, ENTER; 200, ENTER.
And, Houston, I'll guess we'll do this PTC in yaw, and do you want them all powered down?
Okay, that's affirm. You'll be doing the PTC in yaw, and we'll give you a call at each time you change yaw - yaw attitude. Aside from that, request low bit rate off; then DOWN VOICE BACKUP OFF; then POWER AMPL OFF; and then FDA OFF.
Okay, Vance. On the power down, we go low bit rate; DOWN VOICE BACKUP, we'll pull the POWER AMPL breaker; and we'll power down the FDI and the AC.
That's affirm. And the A0T, too.
Okay, arc you all set for old a -
Okay, Houston; Aquarius. How do you read DOWN VOICE BACKUP?
Reading you loud - loud and clear now, Fred.
Oh, Vance, do you want to stay in this attitude for a certain length of time before we start maneuvering?
Roger. Jim, we'll keep you there for about an hour, and then we'll have our first 90-degree rotation.
Okay. How wide do I make the deadband?
Yes. My forward OMNI is in.
Apollo 13, Houston. Forward OMNI should be best. 03 02 37 36 IMP We're there.
I don't see why the hell he ...
I know. I don't know. I don't know where that 5 degrees .'..
Oh-h. — that thing against the ...
I'm just going to try and close my eyes for a little.
Okay. You want us to make the maneuver with PGNS AUTO rather than the PGNS ATT HOLD. Is that right?
And, Fred, advise that it - it is a manual maneuver.
Houston. You'd be using X-axis override. It will be a manual maneuver, but with the PGNS AUTO mode. 03 02 52 07 IMP Okay.
And if you're ready to copy, Charlie is going to be on in a minute with some recommended checklist changes for your upcoming burn. Over.
Hello, Aquarius; Houston. Do you read? Over. 03 02 53 28 IMP Yes. Stand by 1 ...
Okay. Which book are you going to give me some words in, Charlie?
Houston, Aquarius. Which book do you want us to have out? ... contingency ...?
Houston. This is Houston, Aquarius. Say again. Over.
Houston, Aquarius. Which book do you want me to update here, Charlie, the contingency QR DPS?
Okay, Fred-o, we'd like you to get out the contingency checklist; turn to page 1, the 2-hour activation. Over.
Okay. On page 1, the only thing we have to do is EPS Activation, step 2, CB(l6) EPS: DISPLAY, CLOSE. Over.
Okay. On page 1, we need EPS DISPLAY, CLOSE, under EPS Activation, step 2.
Okay. Turning over to page 2, we'd like you to complete step 5 and step 6 with the following changes. POWER/TEMP MONITOR, AC BUS, INVERTER 2, then INVERTER 1. Fourth line CB(ll), EPS: INVERTER 2, OPEN. Over.
Okay, on step number - or page 2, we should do step 5 and modify step 6 second line to read INVERTER 2, then INVERTER 1, to the last line of step 6 CB(ll), EPS INVERTER 2, OPEN.
Okay. That will be on CB(16), Fred-o, but it's INVERTER 2 OPEN. Okay, on the Mission Timer Activation. Do step 1, correction, lines 1 and 2. Omit "set mission timer on CSM mark" and insert a VERB l6, NOUN 65, set mission timer. Over.
Okay. We'll do the Mission Timer Activation except we'll set it on VERB 16, NOUN 65.
Okay. Proceeding on to step, correction, page 3, CWEA checkout. Step 1, perform step 1. Warning lights will be ASCENT PRESS, CES AC, and CES DC. Under the caution lights, we may have a heater light. And that's all. Okay, perform - under the circuit breaker l6 - -
I can't understand you. I'll switch OMNIs.
I'm going to switch to OMNIs here, Charlie, you're starting to fade out.
Understand. Switching OMNIs. Over.
Okay. How do you read? ..., how do you read me now?
Okay, you're a little better. How me? Over.
Okay, Houston. Coming in loud and clear. I got your caution/warning checkout, step 1, do; the warning lights we'll have will be ASCENT PRESS, CES AC, CES DC The only caution lights we may have will be a heater light and go ahead and proceed from there.
Yes. I'm still with you, Charlie; go ahead.
Roger. Good readback. Okay, continuing on. Nothing on page 6; nothing on page 7. Nothing on page 8 or 9. Nothing on page 10 or 11. On page 12, we want the - to perform
Hold it. Hold on just a minute, Charlie.
Okay. Go ahead, page 12. I'm there.
Good readback. Turning over to page 14, step 2, we want you to change the DAP NOUN 46 to 31021. Then after the NOUN 47, insert "VERB 34, ENTER." Over.
Okay. On page 14, a VERB 48, DAP load, NOUN 46 changed to 31021. I assume you will give us any updated weights if we need any, and after the NOUN 47, a "VERB 34, ENTER." So, I - you're saying our gimbals look all right.
Okay. Hand me the eyepiece. I got Scorpio. 03 03 10 22 IMP You have?
Where's the other one? I'll put it back in here.
Hello, Aquarius. Houston. On activaLion page 16, if you are ready. Over.
Okay. Stand by just 1, Charlie. Jim's going to fish around and see if he's got - he thinks he's got Scorpio. I'm the AOT now. Okay, Charlie, go ahead. I'm on 16 now.
Okay. Fred. On page 16, perform the "Docked DPS BURN (PGNS)," that entire sequence down - down through the end of the page, except cross out that "CSM Maneuver to Burn Attitude, then CMC - FREE." Over.
Yes. I kind of deduced that one, Charlie. Page 16, "Docked DPS BURN (PGNS)," except we'll forget the CSM maneuver.
Okay, on page 18, and I've already done that at 1 minute; "MASTER ARM - ON," I'll scratch - -
- - Slipped that ... and I won't have anything to do - -
- - I've already scratched "CB(16) ABORT STAGE - CLOSE" for the previous burn.
Okay. We want you to close the CB(l6) ABORT STAGE. Over.
Okay. You got some special reason for that?
Okay, I got you, Charlie. 17, "CB(16) INVERTER 2, CLOSE."
Okay, back to page 18. We'll continue on as is at 30 seconds, 10 seconds, 7 seconds, minus 5 seconds. At "ignition," no ignition and we'll add here, "no ignition, START pushbutton - push; still no ignition, DESCENT ENGINE COMMAND OVERRIDE, ON." Over.
I got it out there, but I can't get to see it closer.
Okay, on channel - on page l8, right on down the line, everything holds until after "ignition"; "if no ignition, START pushbutton - push; still no ignition, DESCENT ENGINE COMMAND OVERRIDE switch ON."
Okay, good readback, Fred-o. At plus 15 seconds, scratch "MASTER ARM - OFF;" and at - proceeding on down to "At Engine Cutoff," it's - after the "MODE CONTROL: PGNS to ATT HOLD," we'd like a "VERB 76," and the "Damp Excessive Rates Via the LM Y, Z Translation." Over.
Okay, Charlie. If a manual start, that was throttle to 40 percent at - Was that 30 foot per second to go?
That's affirmative. At 30 foot per second to go.
Okay. Then it's stop pushbutton at VG0 equals zero?
Okay. Now, Fred, that was good in the checklist. That's all. We'll have the powerdown checklist for you momentarily, and we'd like to ask you if you plan to use the DPS burn card. If you do, we have some changes to that. Over.
Okay. Let me get ahold of this ... right now.
Let me know when you are ready to copy. Over.
I'm ready. 03 03 19 32 CO Okay. The first two lines are okay. CB - third line, CB(ll) and (16): STAB/CONTROL, all CLOSED except CB(ll) AEA, OPEN; ABORT STAGE, OPEN; AELD, OPEN. CB(l6) AELD, OPEN. Over.
Okay, on the DPS burn card, third line should read CB(ll) and (l6): STAB/CONTROL CBs all CLOSED, except CB(ll) AEA, OPEN; ABORT STAGE, OPEN; AELD, OPEN; CB(l6) AELD, OPEN.
We really don't use this card at that time.
Roger, Fred-o. Now we aren't - also at minus 30 seconds, we aren't looking at an AGS burn so you can scratch "ABORT pushbutton, push," and at DELTA-V equal to zero, scratch "ABORT pushbutton, reset." Over.
Okay. Minus 30 for AGS burn, "ABORT pushbutton, push" is scratched, and at DELTA-V equals zero, "ABORT pushbutton, reset" is scratched.
Okay, you got it, babe. We'll have some mission rules for you momentarily, and the powerdown checklist and also a PTC setup. Over.
Roger. Be advised I'm now seeing Antares and Nunki in the A0T, and I just wanted to know whether you want me to try to do a P52.
Roger. Stand by. We copy the stars you are seeing. Stand by on a P52.
Not very far apart. Put the card back up, Jim - -
It's better than Antares and Shaula.
Yes. Sure is. That's right.
We got pretty good ... I'll do an AUTO P52 to Antares. That's the way I'll get it up there.
Hey, Houston - correction - Aquarius, Houston. We're satisfied with our present alinement. We don't want you to waste any more RCS gas trying to do this P52, and be advised you guys are hot mike, if you haven't heard. Over.
How's your memory there, Charlie?
Okay, we're putting Vance back on. Stand by.
Okay, okay, let's go back to that P52 ... now the attitude.
Yes. I want to make sure I got it.
Okay. ... Okay. You want these numbers? Or do you want the numbers from these.
Pads. You got the G&N dictionary?
... Just a ... These are those 13 20 angles here. Up here. Right here.
One on. And Houston, Aquarius.
Oh, about how long we got before we're going to have to go to work here, Vance. Kind of like to get a bite to eat, maybe.
Okay. We have a - a couple of pads to give you and stand by. Let's - we'll check to see if we have anything else.
Hold on to that, baby. Where's that G&N book? You got it over there?
Here we go. Here, you want me to start copying
No, you've got it right here.
Okay. I'm ready to copy a P30, a PC plus 2.
Roger; that's correct, Fred. If you'll take out a maneuver pad, I'll give you some landing information. Over.
Okay, you're talking in the CSM update book?
You got it right here. Make sure and scratch the ... - —
... - - 03 03 33 20 IMP - - though.
Okay, which - which one we want? P37?
What kind of a maneuver pad do you want, Vance?
This is a CSM maneuver pad for - to monitor PC plus 2. And it's going to be mainly blank except I want to give you your NOUN 6l latitude and longitude range to go for the EMS and that sort of thing.
Okay, at the top, purpose is monitor PC plus 2; everything is blank until you get down to NOUN 6l. Latitude as follows: minus 21.47, minus 165.00; 1166.0, 36291, 142:39:20. Over.
Okay, monitor PC plus 2 pad. NOUN 8l: minus 21.47, minus 165.00; 1166.0, 36291, 142:39:20.
Roger; that's correct, Fred-o. And we - now would like to get you in a configuration to uplink your state vector and target load. So, if you're ready to copy, I have some circuit breaker changes for you. Over.
Okay, circuit breaker panel 11 UPDATA LINK, CLOSE; PRIMARY POWER AMPL, panel 16, CLOSE; VOICE FUNCTION to VOICE; RANGE - RANGING FUNCTION to RANGING; TM bit rate, HI; and then POO and DATA.
Okay, we're now in POO and DATA, and switches and breakers are configured. You got it.
Okay, thank you. You're coming in loud and clear.
We have a PROGRAM ALARM, Vance. 1106.
Okay, that apparently was just my putting the UPDATA LINK switch OFF that set that bit.
Roger. We concur on that. And I'll read this back to you a little more slowly, Fred.
Okay, are you ready to copy? 03 03 45 06 IMP Okay. Go ahead.
Okay. TM bit rate to LO; RANGING to OFF, VOICE to DOWN VOICE, PRIMARY POWER AMPL to off - that's on panel 16 - and - or OPEN - and circuit breaker 11 UPDATA LINK to CLOSE - or to OPEN. Over.
Okay, Vance, hov do you read on DOWN VOICE BACKUP now?
Okay, Fred, reading you loud and clear now.
Okay. I've got the POWER AMPL off, DOWN VOICE BACKUP, PCM to LO bit rate, and the UPDATA LINK breaker on 11 is pulled.
Okay. On this last readback, we'd just like to verify that the PRIMARY POWER AMPL was pulled opened. Over.
That's affirm. I used the breaker on l6, PRIMARY S-BAND POWER AMPL breaker is OPEN.
Boy, we must be getting pretty close to the Moon.
Hey, Jack. Bring me down one of the ...
... need two of them, I guess ...
Yes. I've been meaning to tell you about that, yes.
You know where this ... water?
You know where this ... water?
Pretty close? How's the hoses coming?
That screen goes - goes on - Fred's hose up there.
Yes. Here, take that one. ... another few minutes ...
Let's not forget to haul these out of here.
Houston, Aquarius. How do you read?
Hello, Houston; Aquarius. How do you read?
Aquarius, Houston. Loud and clear.
Okay. We got that. Intake hose screens.
I guess that item isn't going to change your c.g. too much, Fred-o.
... Get out one of those big ... bags.
How's that for ... (laughter).
Yes. Oh, what I'd like to do is find out how many - Yes - What happened to the two little midcourses that's got to be with this vehicle.
Now we just take the CSM and strip it down. Start putting the ... stuff in here.
Why are you worrying about that? Why are you worried about stripping down the vehicle?
Well, you don't want - You don't want the drogue and the probe in.
And, you do want room for the PLSSs. So, we'll grab this ... suit valve and ... them in there. 03 04 05 43 CMP
Well, the suit ... oxygen ... the cabin. 03 04 05 57 LMP
(Clears throat) We're not planning to reenter with suits.
... a suit would help you out is for protection.
They work on the REPRESS valve.
Breathe through the canister.
Yes, breathe through the canister.
You got all those things ...?
Yes, I think they forgot that.
Yes, I got two stars, circling back, Nunki and Antares ... back up again.
That's the one you put up there, ... I would like to ...
Doesn't that also fit this big container back here?
Hey, can't you pilfer more there? Yes. ...
... what you do - what you do, you put your -
Now, let's see, this burn's ... to our back, I suppose. Let's hope it works.
Now, let's see. What should we be doing here now?
Okay. The next thing is power for the burn. Did they give you a time to start powerup?
Yes, we ought to get a ... You know, we ought to get ... - -
Let's just recap the situation now. We're not going to do any more PTC. We'll maintain this attitude. You have already updated us on P30 load. We would like from you an LOS time, and a powerup start time for the PC plus 2. And an AOS time.
We're going to also get back with you shortly, Jim, for - with some burn guidelines for PC plus 2.
Have they powered up the mission timer - the event timer? 03 04 18 57 LMP
Oh, I see. Are they going to?
Jim, we were just discussing burn star monitor! and we were curious to know if you can see Nunki in detent 2 at this time. Over.
That's affirmative. I can see Nunki in detent 2.
Okay. Thank you. Roughly, in what part of the field of view?
Nunki is in the upper right-hand corner.
And Scorp - And Antares is barely visible in the bottom of the field of view.
Hey, I bet I know how I could get an alingment. Give them a cursor spiral angle. Instead of maneuvering the spacecraft, I'll give them cursor spiral.
Houston, for what it's worth, we can probably give you a cursor spiral angle on Nunki and possibly Antares or more than likely Shaula.
Roger, Jim. According to our calculations, Nunki should be, at burn time, pretty close to the center of the AOT. We've been talking that possibility over.
Also, as a matter of general interest, the Sun should be in - at the bottom part of the CDR's window at the bottom of the LPD vertical line.
Be at Tig. , which is at - -
It must be that - You're right, because it's behind us now.
Wait a minute, . holding insertion attitude.
Yes, we're not at the Tig. attitude.
Jim, whenever you're through eating and ready to copy the info, I can send you the burn rules.
Why don't you write them right in here?
Okay. I'm sorry, 1 - Yes, 78 hours. It only seems like it's been that long.
Okay, Fred. Your readback was correct.
Okay. And, Vance, did you ever have any LOS/AOS times, and - and a startup time for us to jump into this activation checklist?
Okay. Let me - Let me poll the house again on that one.
Okay. One word is that the - In an optimum fashion there, going through that 2-hour activation generally took somewhere from about an hour and 15 to an hour 20.
Okay. I guess then we ought to allow you a little more than that, huh?
No, I was thinking that, we don't have to do about four pages of it, that we probably need just about that, and that will make up for the difference of any added time we need maneuvering et cetera.
We'll need a - Can I get a flashlight? You got a flashlight. We might need a spare flashlight - Yes. Okay. We might need a spare flashlight: have you got one? Okay. Okay. The Sun has gone ... down.
Man, look at those stars. Houston.
Roger. We are in the shadow of the Moon now. The Sun is just about set as far as I can see and the stars are all coming out.
Okay. And if you are ready to copy, we have L0S/AOS times for you.
Okay. LOS 77:08:35, AOS 77:33:10. Sunrise - First I'll give you sunset which is past, but that was supposed to be at 76:32:45 and sunrise 77:16:48.
Okay. LOS at 77:08:35, AOS at 77:33:10. Sunset at 76:32:45, sunrise at 77:16:48.
Roger. We'll get back with you on the powerup time and, if you're ready to copy, have angles to load into NOUN 22 for your VERB 49 maneuver to burn attitude. Over.
Okay. Go ahead with the VERB 49 value.
Okay. VERB 49, register 1, plus 27218; register 2, plus 35570; register 3, plus 33010; and to get the narrow deadband back we want a VERB 21, N0UN 01, ENTER, 3011, ENTER, 200 ENTER.
Roger. And a correction on your - on your first number for register 1. That should be plus 27210. And another comment; after you get into the narrow deadband at that attitude, why, you might tell us where you see Nunki.
Okay. And you corrected register 1; it's plus 27210.
And would you like us to make that maneuver at this time?
It's down below us, isn't it?
Can we have some more light in here now?
What do you see out your upper window?
Yes. It looks like - looks like the light is coming from around those clouds.
Well, you won't get A0S/L0S until 77.
Let's see, AOS is at 2 hours before the burn?
Okay. At this time, I'll start my VERB 49 maneuver, but will not narrow the deadband, and we will take a look at Nunki. Okay, Vance.
... how many lights you're going to see. You can coach Jim on that.
Yes. I can just barely see it. I see Antares much better.
Why is the wide deadband on? Stand by. Is - Is Scorpio moving down?
What's that cloud I see over there?
I don't know. It looks like a Milky Way.
Aquarius, Houston. Go ahead.
Okay. We have completed our maneuver. We're in our wide deadband, and Nunki is close to the top of my display of the A0T. Right now, Antares seems to be more closer towards the center. However, we are in our wide deadband.
Right; understand. We'll have to make a better check later, I guess.
I can't for the life of me figure out what that dark stuff is.
Yes. Did you look at it, Jack?
Yes. Okay. But I didn't recall what ...
See it there. Like two black clouds.
Well, you know what this burn is buying us; 10 hours.
Hey, that's pretty extensive, Jim. You can locate it and get it halfway through the ...
It's on the AOT. Well, maybe not.
I know what that is. That might be the debris that was thrown out there.
Take a look. It covers a wide area. God, that dark cloud. ... Like a pair of contrails. Only if you switch the detent, they go on around. How long to LOS? Is that right?
I'd sure like to try the detent 2, but I guess our damn platform's okay, isn't it?
Okay, Jim. We have a little over 2 minutes until LOS, and everything's looking good here.
Roger. Yes. I take it that we don't have to start our activations until we receive AOS from you.
You ... up our edibles? ... water? ...
Good morning, Houston. How do you read?
Houston, how do you read Aquarius?
Aquarius, Houston. Reading you about 3 by 3.
Houston, Aquarius. How do you read?
Okay, Fred. Reading you fairly well now. How do you read?
Okay. I read you loud and clear, ...
Jack, why don't you get the other ...
All right. We're going up on Mare Smythii, now.
We'll see where ... zooming off.
Oh, yes, yes, we're no longer 139 miles. We're leaving.
Yes, look at that curvature.
That might be Crisium over there, Fred.
Oh, yes; way off on the horizon, there, yes.
Hey, if you want to use the 250? There's a beautiful shot of Tsiojkovsky which we very seldom have.
Well, at this stage of the game beggars can't be choosers, I guess.
Yes, and we can't affoid the amps to use the heaters.
All right. You're in zero phase up here.
Are we - back to DOWN VOICE BACKUP?
Roger. We still want an activation start time for a burn.
Understand. You want a powerup time, is that affirm?
Okay. Look it. Let's get the cameras squared away; let's get all set to burn. We got one chance now.
We're not going to hack it at 152 hours.
Jim, regarding the start time for the powerup, you mentioned an hour and 15 minutes. We think that is adequate. This is crew preference depending on how much time you think you need. We would go along with an hour and 15 minutes - -
Okay, Fred-o. You been through most of that checklist for an hour? Let's get it out and ...
Hey, Jack. Did you ... camera back up ...?
Page 2, I'm going to power up the ...
Okay. I'm at - I got the contingency book, so give me that one first.
Okay. About half-way down. When propellant quantity equals 30 percent, or rather 37 percent, we would like to change that line to read - when time to go is equal to 10 seconds - Of course, the line under that remains the same then, DESCENT HE REG 1 to CLOSE.
Okay. When time to go equals 10 seconds, DESCENT HELIUM REG 1, CLOSE.
Okay. You're very weak now. When you are ready to take the P30 LM maneuver pad, I'll be reading it up.
Okay. Go ahead with the ...
Okay, Aquarius; Houston. You're coming in about 1 by 1 now. Advise that I heard everything except the beginning NOUN 33 values and the com ments. Please repeat the readback on those.
Okay. I'm going to UP with the POWER AMP here, Vance.
Houston, how do you read Aquarius now?
Hey, you're loud and clear now.
Roger. Forty percent for 21 seconds, I believe is what you read back. And all the rest is correct. Now, for the maneuver pad for the CSM. Over.
Okay, Fred-o. This is maneuver pad monitor PC plus 2 hours; all N/A until you get to NOUN 61, latitude minus 21.65, minus 165.00, 1163.5, 36292, 142:39:22. Over.
Monitor plane change plus 2; NOUN 81 minus 21.65 minus 165.00, 1163.5, 36292, 142:39:22.
Roger. That was starting with NOUN 61, and that's correct.
By the way, Aquarius, we see the results now from 12's seismometer. Looks like your booster just hit the Moon, and it's rocking it a little bit. Over.
Well, at least something worked on this flight.
And I just want to verify one thing, we could - -
I say I'm sure glad we didn't have a LM impact, too.
Roger. Understand, Vance. I think Nunki would be kind of hard to see anyway with the Moon right here.
And, Vance, we plan to start powering up at 78:12. Is that a good time or do you think we ought to hold off a little longer?
Jim, we think that's very good.
Apollo 13, Houst - Aquarius, Houston.
Fred, after the burn, we'll get the powerdown instructions, or checklist changes to you. At the same time, we'd like to get a consumables status to you. All I'll say right now is that we think you look in reasonably good shape.
Okay. One CAUTION AND WARNING light here showing that you didn't call out - it's the PRE AMPS - I suppose because we don't have the ATCA breaker in yet.
Houston, are you planning to give us a state vector update.
That's - That's affirm, Jim. All we need is UPDATA LINK circuit breaker closed on panel 11, and POO and ACCEPT and we can ship it up to you. POO and DATA.
Okay, Vance. We're in DATA and P00 and the circuit breaker's in. Go ahead.
Okay. We'll ship her up to you.
Jim, request verify RANGING FUNCTION switch is in RANGING. We need that, if it's not there now.
Aquarius, Houston. The computer is yours.
Aquarius, Houston. Did you call?
Houston, are you calling Aquarius?
Okay, Jack. Tried the procedure and out of that pressure, we got 10 drinks made. That's roughly 80 ounces.
Okay, Fred, we had a little static on that one, but I think you said that 80 ounces of water has been used out of the CM. Is that right?
Yes. Jack worked the procedure and filled as many of the drinks as he could, and he made up ten bags of approximately 8 ounces a bag.
Okay. I think it's finally coming through to us here, what you said just a little while ago. Were you suggesting that we move the T. up 30 minutes?
No, not at all. We're just giving you excess information. Just saying if you had any problem at all it could be slipped.
Oh, okay. Slipped 30 minutes. Okay. That's better.
You guys are pretty fast, though.
Yes. It kind of surprised us.
I guess that's what happens when you cut a lot out of a checklist.
Yes. Yes, we're taking about a thousand pictures in between steps there, too.
Okay, Houston; Aquarius, radio check.
Okay. I had a change in the background noises, wondered if you were still there.
Houston, Aquarius. Go ahead, Houston.
Okay, Aquarius. We have some new information regarding what you should see out the commander's window at Tig. Over.
According to calculaticns - calculations, you should see the Moon. It'll be a fun Moon. You should see most of the disk and it should be somewhere on your vertical LPD line, probably at about 14 on the LPD scale, ever. Roughly centered on 14.
Okay, Houston. I concur. I'm looking at 14 on the LPD and the angle is just about centered. It's south of Crisium, but its - The line is just slightly to the north cf center.
Okay, Jim. That sounds very good. We see that you have a slight yaw angle, so it should be north of center.
I can even see Mount Marilyn from here.
Jim, you are GO for the burn. Go for the burn.
Roger. I understand. GO for the burn.
Aquarius, 2 minutes and 40 seconds to go on the mark.
Stand by. That was incorrect. Three minutes - Counting down to 3 minutes, and I'll give you a mark, and I'll take into consideration 2 seconds.
Aquarius, Houston. You're looking good.
Aquarius, you were looking good at 2 minutes. Still looking good.
Aquarius, you're GO at 3 minutes.
Don't forget DESCENT REG 1, off; 10 seconds to go.
Are you reading our 1640, Houston?
We'll proceed. Here's our residuals.
I say, that was a good burn.
Roger. And now we want to power down as soon as possible.
Suggest maybe you just read off the circuit breakers you want us to power down. As you did yesterday, for us.
Okay. We have a procedure ready to send up to you here in about 2 minutes. Let us know when you're all ready to take it.
Okay. Is it going to be better to writs this on a blank page, Vance, or can we use some portion of the powerdown list there in the contingency book that already exists.
Slight delay here, Jim. It will be a couple of minutes before we read that up to you, and we're looking at the contingency checklist powerdown and that's on page 5. You might be getting that out while we get all ready to give it to you.
Could you give us that page number again. Page 5 doesn't make sense.
Okay. Make that power 5 in the contingency checklist, Fred. And it's the - -
- - middle part of the page, it starts emergency powerdown, and we'll mark that up.
Okay. I'm to 5 emergency powerdown.
Okay. But hold off on it because we might have to start PTC up again here. And that's the point that's being resolved right at the moment, so stand by.
Okay. We're ready to give you the procedure which will power you dcwn a good bit, and after the PTC is going, maybe we can give you further information. Are you ready to copy? Starting at the middle of the Page, Power 5.
Okay. I disagree on the fifth line. It appears that we ought to have the ASCENT ECA CONTROL open.
Okay. We'll check into that one and while we are listening to the rest of your readout.
Okay. And top row is correct as is. Second row we want the QUAD TCAs l through 4 closed. On the third row, we want the ATCA (PGNS), closed. On the fourth row we want the PGNS LGC DSKY, IMU STANDBY, IMU OPERATE, all closed, and you're saying the bottom row es is.
Okay. We'll go along with what you said on the ASCENT ECA CONTROL. That should be open.
Okay. Next page, power 7, panel 16. First row, close the four QUAD TCA circuit breakers, that is, QUAD 1, TCA; QUAD 2, QUAD 3, and QUAD 4 TCA. Okay. Rows 2, 3, and 4 are okay.
Okay. Panel 16, top row, we want to close QUAD 1 through 4 TCA breakers, and you're saying the other three rows are as is. Again, I have the exception the ASCENT ECA CONTROL on 16 should also be open.
Okay. We concur on that, and we have a late arrival in row 3. Stand by.
Okay, Fred. One addition, third row. The S-BAND POWER AMP. Request that you pull that circuit breaker and leave the switch in PRIMARY.
Okay. Yes, that's the way we were doing it before. I'll pull the POWER AMP CP, and then I'll go back to the first stage and put the POWER AMP to PRIME.
That's correct; that should be changed back to PRIME. And that's - That's it.
RESET, OFF and LOW. Okay. Lighting bus off; EXTERIOR LIGHTING is off. Okay. You want to get your breakers, Jim? We ought to probably go back to that wide deadband.
Okay. The BUS TIE INVERTERS are coming off the line.
Yes. Go ahead. Sorry, I put the switch off, that'll kill caution and warning.
Okay. Let's see. So we're going to lose the ball again.
Do you have me move AUTO TRANSFER this time?
Why do I still have a VHF-A receiver off?
Let's give them a call, panel 11.
Okay, Vance. I'm on - Do you read me now, hot mike?
Roger. Loud and clear, Fred.
Okay. Jim just noticed we got a VHF breaker in on panel 11 still, I think, that probably should be opened.
Okay. That's affirmative. Pull the VHF-A receiver.
I Hot it already- Okay. Now, why are we putting the cabin fan on?
Okay. I'm going to Pull inverter l-
Okay. Not very long since they had the switch off on you, anyway.
- - but my only question is, I got the CROSS TIE BUS circuit breaker in? Could be - Yes, this one right here.
Good line. It's on. Because that line is open.
I'll look over at that caution in a minute.
Yes. We've managed the first 30 hours or so here without the caution and warning; we don't need to keep it up now, do we?
Okay, Fred. That's one that we're leaving up until the PTC is established. We have a procedure for PTC to try with you, which we're hopeful will work pretty well. And I'll read that up as soon as you get what you're doing now done.
why don't you go ahead, and I'll set this PTC procedure. It's by the photo log, and I'll just get that.
And one other question, Houston. You really want to pull the ASA breaker? You want to give up the AGS probably for good now, huh?
Houston, I'm standing by to copy the PTC procedures
Roger. GUIDANCE CONTROL, PGNS; MODE CONTROL, ATT HOLD, VERB 76, ENTER; maneuver to PTC attitude which is roll 0, pitch 90, and yaw, which is the present yaw. Is that correct?
Roger. Now, to maneuver to TTC roll 0, pitch 90 and yaw is - and pitch is here, roll is here. Yaw - whatever yaw we have in. Okny, Vance. In our initial maneuver to PTC attitude, I am going to have to use - to display 16 20 and 1'll have to use the TTCA to get there.
Jim, Roger. Your use of the TC - TTCA and just a reminder that in maneuvering that - that - that roll is in R3 and yaw is in Rl.
That's affirm. And I'm going to take out roll first to get it zero and then I'm going to take care of pitch.
Okay. GUIDANCE CONTROL, PGNS; MODE CONTROL to ATT HOLD. VERB 73 clears. Okay. We've got to get that out. ... it stopped moving.
Do you know what the plus-X thrusters are?
Yes, okay. I just wanted to make sure you do. I got them over here.
Okay; understand. You want a GO before I - I'm - Of course, I just did a 76, and the MODE CONTROL is in ATT HOLD, at this time. But, this is later on down.
Yes. All we wanted to do was take a look at things before you disabled the plus-X thrusters, and before you go to MIN IMPULSE at the end there - that VERB 76, ENTER; MODE CONTROL, ATT HOLD.
Roger. Understand. And I'm maneuvering my roll now to zero.
Yes. Those are the plus-X, right?
In what fashion did you want us to disable those plus-X thrusters? Just pulling those appropriate TCA breakers, or did you want to actually go in and mask those jets?
Okay, Fred. We didn't explain that. Tle VERB 25, NOUN 07, ENTER sequence does that.
Okay. I didn't read the whole procedure. Jim just mentioned he wanted to disable plus-X.
And, Vance, are you still trying to get me an answer on that - pulling that ASA breaker?
That's affirm, Fred, This - The word here is, pull it.
Okay. Sure didn't get much work out of the AGS this time.
Yes. You got a ways to go in pitch.
You want to rest a little bit?
What time is it, 9:80? Yes. I got about what? I think I got about 10.
We're now in the hands of tracking.
Yes. It looks differert than before. 03 08 19 09 IMP Hard to do P37s in the LM. Hard to do a P37 in the LM.
Well, you can see where - - 03 08 19 55 LMP You almost can see - 03 08 19 57 CDR See Ptolemaeus, Alphonsus - There's Herschel.
Yes, you can barely see it in the corner there.
Okay. I'm in process now, Vance, of maneuvering to zero yaw, 90-degree pitch, using MINIMUM IMPULSE.
And, Vance, I assume it had also been brought up that we got two extra secondary cartridges - one in each PLSS.
We ought to start working on that MOD right now.
Yes. Me wish we could send you a kit and it would be kind of like putting a model airplane together or something. As it turns cut, this contraption will look like a mailbox when you get it all put together.
What do we make it out of, Vance?
- - How about planning a rendezvous procedure?
Just for information, Houston, during - Just prior to going around the Moon, we saw a lot of debris that was floating by us, including some - one rather large piece looked like the wrapping off of a line of some Eort that is - still is with us.
Even after our free-return midcourse yesterday.
No matter what I do, I can't stop that. Roll either way won't do it.
Well, I don't see any way around it, Jim. It sure doesn't seem to be doing much, does it? It won't go down.
I don't know. I wonder if they tried that in the simulator. I can't seem to get roll to go up. It goes down on me, no matter how I hit the controllers.
You can really see a change in rate?
... jar here, see if it'll couple in roll.
I don't know what caused iL.
Here we still have 67-percent fuel lcvel. I wonder how come they didn't ... DELTA-V curve?
Jim, we don't have any data on your movements right now. How does it look like this procedures going to work out so far as getting an attitude set up, the first part of the procedure?
Get a little sleep? That's okay.
We've got to rig up a method of using those lithium hydroxide canisters.
Okay, Houston. We just got a MASTER ALARM and an ECS light. I take it the partial pressure C02 is - Yes - That's what tripped it.
There's that mother. 03 08 31 19 cC Aquarius, Houston. Say again.
All right. CO2. our C02 value is getting high. We had a DPS ECS light and a blinking component light.
Hello, Houston. How do you read? Over.
Okay. Read you loud and clear now, Jim.
Okay. Did you hear what I just said about the ECS light and the blinking component light?
Okay. We got that and - Stand by 1.
Jack, we might have to have you rig up this CO2 rig they're talking about.
Oh! We've got a long ways to go.
Okay. Vance, I tried that but when I start doing roll only I get pitch coupled in with it. But both of them rolling up toward this desired amount, though. I'm up to 46 and in pitch and 326 in roll.
Okay. Understand you've tried it.
Once I get roll zeroed, I don't think it'll be too bad.
So what did they put on my LEVA?
No. He didn't want it. There she goes, gang. The Moon.
Okay, Jim. Since the first recommendation on how to maneuver PTC didn't work out, we have another one. And you might try this. Put yaw at zero, then start the roll, and the pitch after that.
Okay. You guys just tell me what sort of material you had in mind to build this mailbox out of, and Jack and I will go to work on trying to construct that thing. Assume we'll use the space-age baling wire or the gray tape?
Okay. (Sigh) Hold on a minute. Let -Let us go get a cartridge and with it in hand, I'll speak to you some more.
Okay. Really, I think we should give you a more detailed procedure on that; and, in general, those are the materials that are to be used, but let us get back with a detailed procedure on how to make this cartridge arrangement work.
Roger. Quite a bit of noise now. I understand you're still having a problem .getting there the PTC.
We are getting there slowly.
Aquarius, Houston. Let's try FORWARD OMNI.
I don't know, it locks that way.
Okay, Houston. How do you read, now?
Houston, how do you read? 03 08 42 57 cC Loud and clear, now. Go ahead.
Okay. I switched to FORWARD OMNI, now.
They're ... off. They can't stop pitch.
... and stick it around that way.
Must have the wrong thing, there.
That didn't sound very good.
They're a hell of a long ways away.
Yes, we're not moving that fast to Earth.
Hey, we're already ... this time, huh?
Yes, I've been trying to get roll out. Roll to zero. Just go ahead to zero, I'm going to put it in ATT HOLD. Then it'll take out yaw, leaving pitch the way it is; then we're going to pitch down.
We've got to think about when we have to start changing that canister.
Nothing. We're not reading anything.
Well, that's the one they wanted you to leave in.
It's in. That's how it triggers the - Okay Jack. I'm going to push in on this thing to stop it.
That just turned the MASTER ALARM back on. Now that it's on steady, I'll leave it on. I can't understand why I got a power - Oh, I know That's right. ... That reading is correct.
Yaw. I'm going the wrong way though, aren't I?
Okay. What we're going to do. Jack, ... over there ...
Jim, it looks pretty good except that the pitch is going out in the wrong direction, now. Over.
I concur. What I'm going to do is get roll to zero and I'm trying to bring yaw into zero and as soon as I get those two pretty well matched up, then I'm going to take the pitch and try to pitch it down.
Okay. Now I've got pitch going down; I've got roll almost zero and yaw is almost zero.
Houston, what's an acceptable pitch attitude, that you'll take?
Roger. What's the acceptable pitch attitude that we can have for PTC? I can go into AUTO any time now, I'm looking at 118 degrees in pitch, practically zero roll, and about 40 degrees of yaw.
I'm looking at ll8 degrees of pitch.
I'm trying to talk to them.
Stand by a minute, Jim. The pitch is the important thing, but - but stand by 1.
Okay. It's corning down. What's that? Well, I guess I'd better eat something. Hey, this one has some of that candied jelly ... you know, we've gone a hell of a long time without any sleep. I said we've gone a hell of a long time without any sleep.
We'll have to start thinking about getting the ... back to sleep again because - I know - I - I didn't get hardly any sleep last night at all.
Hey, Fred? These jettison bags with the - are real airtight stuff, if you want to use them for wrapping for a lithium hydroxide bag or something like that.
Yes, this stuff is really tight.
Okay, Jim. Would you stable your - stabilize your rates here at the attitudes you're at now and go ATT HOLD. Over.
Okay. Will do. I'm now at 103 degrees - 106 degrees pitch, and 2.5 degrees roll.
... mine are ... Hey, 1 got you a clean one.
Last one's in the trash bag. Oh, I thought - if you wanted a ..., you'll have to use the lithium hydroxide ...
Okay, Houston. Are you monitoring my angles? It appears that it might be less then 1 degree per second.
Stand by. We'll check them, Jim.
Jim, that's affirm. We're monitoring and you're almost there, but we'd like to let them stabilize a little bit longer. Over.
Okay. We'll -We'll just hold.
And if - if you can now go into your eat period or do something else while the rates are stabilizing, why, we recommend you relax somewhere and get some chow.
Okay, Jim. Looks like your rates are damped sufficient. Recommend that you go ahead with the VERB 25, NOUN 07, ENTER bit on down through the VERB 34, ENTER, and then wish you'd stand by for us to look at it again before you go beyond that. Over.
Okay, Houston. I'll go through VERB 25, NOUN 07 down through VERB 34 ENTER, and I'll stand by.
Okay, Houston. That's complete. 03 09 19 55 cc Roger. Houston copies, and we'll - -
You want to monitor the rates; we're 16 20.
Roger. That's the way it should be done, and we're standing by for the rates to damp out some more.
As a matter of fact, we might use those little - Well, how about the PLSSs?
Yes, I know, but I mean the PLSSs are bombs, too.
Well, maybe we ought to use the OPS first.
Jim, just a reminder. Any waste water dumped at this point would really jiggle up the PTC preparation, so request you save that until we're spun up. Over.
Right. I don't think we're doing any.
No. No, I don't think so, but I just wanted to make sure you were aware of it - I thought you were.
We're saving all the water we can.
With the new space we're ... We've just about slowed down. You're damping right.
Okay. Jack Lousma here has a refined version of the procedure on how to make these the easy way, and I think before too long he ought to be reading that up to you. If - -
It's not time critical to get this up to you. It's just that, before you get too far in assembling these on your own, we'd kind of like to give you the benefit of experience down here.
Okay. Who - Who built them back there.
Tony did some of it, and Jack's been working on it, too. So we've had a big effort on it.
We would encourage you to wait until tomorrow to receive that procedure, but we can send it up sooner, if you insist. Over.
No, that's all right, Vance. Before we have to worry about that I guess we got another primary and three secondaries to go through.
You know, sometimes those cartridges have - I guess they rejuvenate.
Man, that's a wicked low pressure down there. I wish I was on it. (Laughter).
... up ... 03 09 35 49 GDR Go ahead, Houston.
Okay, Jim. Your rates are once again looking good so we can continue on with the rest of this procedure. Request you go ahead with the VERB 76 ENTER, and MODE CONTROL to ATT HOLD, and then the last step, 30 clicks yaw right.
Okay. I'll do a VERB 76 ENTER with the MODE CONTROL ATT HOLD and then 30 clicks of right yaw to set the maneuver.
There's your VERB 76, ENTER. MODE CONTROL to ATT HOLD. Now you want me to do 30 clicks of right yaw?
Vance, did you say for me to hold on the right yaw or do you want me to start it now?
No, no need to hesitate, you can start now.
After you get that going, then we'll think about powering down the PGNS.
Okay. There were 30 clicks of right yaw.
Okay. We'd like to look at it for just a little while before we power down the PGNS, so stand by.
Understand you're planning to power down the PGNS?
Right. We want to get the amps down.
You want to bring all the film back empty?
I'd like to just ... and shoot it.
Well, that means I've got to -
Hey, let me see if I can get this started here.
Yes, we'll probably get there ...
Aquarius, Houston. Request AFT 0MNI.
Roger. That did it. Thank you.
Gad, there's Ptolemaeus and Alphonsus.
See them right over the edge.
Here, let me shoot a few pictures of the old Moon here.
Yes (cough) Which ones ... Did you put it back?
Looks like we got ... to do with Earth? Ptolemaeus ? 03 09 43 24 LMF We need it to aline again.
You don't think that burn was enough, do you?
Was that a midcourse? The RCS is worse.
...ought to come up the side. Then, you got us in the right plane, Jim. We're in the right plane. We're pointed off and we'll swerve on again with the Earth, Moon, and Sun.
In another respect, it might be easier to get a -
Look in the rear detent now. Goto -
Oh, that's right. That blasted service -command module is back there. Scratch that one. That one?
It's not much better. Okay, let's go this one.
Jim, we have some status information for you, if you're ready to copy on a piece of scratch paper.
Put that away and get some status paper here.
I saved my - number was yesterday.
Okay. In the LM, you have - -
Roger. In the LM, you have 215, that is 2 1 5, pounds of water, usable. That would average out over 61 hours to 3.5 pounds per hour available. Okay.
Vance, is that with the PLSS secondaries?
That's affirm. That's affirm. That includes PLSS secondaries.
Roger. Just a minute. They want to know whether you think main bus B is any good for the command module.
Vance, while Jack's got on the loop let me pose the question of how we're planning on doing this midcourse, if we are going to power down the PGNS.
Would you stand by on that, Jim? We'd like to give you a procedure for that later on.
Get a midcourse at 104 hours. He's going to give us a procedure for that later on.
In short, Jim, we don't expect any problem, but we'll explain further later on.
Deke says get a night's sleep. He says you've been working hard, and you ought to relax a little bit and be ready for tomorrow.
Well, Jack, we copy your information. And we'd like to hold off because we're still working the problem. So we'll have to give you information later.
Vance, are you back with me?
Okay. We lost lock there. We switched OMNIs. Just for my own - kind of to get my thoughts in order, I'd kind of hear what - I'd like to hear what kind of entry you're planning. EMS or PGNS or what?
Okay. PGNS entry is being planned, and people are at work on checklist changes and that sort of thing.
And - we'll - We'll give you the CSM stuff tomorrow, but basically we expect that main bus B is good and we're going to work up a procedure to test it.
Okay. Those are my thoughts, too.
You think main bus B is good, don't you?
That's affirm. We think it is, but. we want to check it out anyway. We think you guys are in great shape all the way around. Why don't you quit worrying and go to sleep.
Oh, that - That's our boss, Deke.
Well, I think we just might do that - or part of us will.
I mixed up. How many more of those - Are we hot mike? - -
Yes, I'm mixed up. You had 15? I mixed up seven more. So we got 22. By the way, there's still some water that's - it's not enough pressure to mix up another drink, but there is some water out of there, if you want to get some water out of the drink cup.
That's good; I could use some.
We ought to use that oxygen up and not waste it (Cough)
You only got two ... there, so ...
You wouldn't believe it, but I'm now in commandd of the LM. Okay. Vance, I'm probably the only CMP that's ever witnessed a DPS burn sitting on the ascent engine head.
Did you get some? Is there any coming out still? They didn't answer. I think we made it. How's this working out?
They are, huh? How are we going to get an alinement?
We'll pull one out someways, I guess. We've gotta watch that one right there.
It's decreasing now. It'll - it'll - It's cold. I noticed that in the command module. It'll wobble.
Roger. Are you planned to set up here very shortly - a powerdown procedure?
That's affirmative, if you'll take out your contingency hook and turn to page Power 6. Over.
Roger. Stand by. Contingency Power 6. Get the book over here. Contingency Power 6.
And while you're doing that, let's put ATTITUDE CONTROL, three, switches to MODE CONTROL.
All three ATTITUDE CONTROL switches have been in MODE CONTROL.
Okay. And when you get to Power 6, you ought to see a circuit breaker page, panel 11.
Have a pencil? Let's see it - thank you.
Okay. I have Power 6, panel 11.
Okay. On Power 6, panel 11 - The top three rows, configure them as you see them.
Okay, now, Jack ... We have put the TCAs in for the previous procedure. Do you want those out, now?
That's affirmative, Jim. Pull them out. TCAs open.
Okay. I'm changing those to ... back again. First three rows. And you're pulling the ATCA PGNS, huh?
That's affirmative. Pull ATCA PGNS open.
Okay. Are you ready for the fourth row?
That's affirmative, Jim. In other words, we're leaving the antenna switching up to you, and after you switch antennas it's going to take 3 to 5 minutes for us to establish a lockon again, and we'll initiate a voice check. And I'm ready to go on panel 11, row 4.
That's affirmative, Jim. All other breakers in that row are as you see them in the checklist. And on row 5, the only change is that we want you to, under EPS, open ASCENT ECA CONTROL. Over.
Roger. I think we already have that opened - ASCENT ECA CONTROL is probably already open.
Okay. So let me confirm. We'll have one COMM system, that will be the LMP system, and we'll have to do our own antenna switching; therefore, we'll have to wait about - Okay, why don't you switch? Aft antenna.
We'll have to wait for you to get a lockon again. Is that correct?
That's affirmative, Jim. You'll be working off of the LMP's panel over there.
Okay. What else do you have for me?
Okay. Panel 16, that's on page Power-7. Top row, the only change is: under RCS SYSTEM B, open PQGS/DISPLAYS. Over.
That's affirmative, Jim. And there's no change to the second row. Over.
Okay. Again let me go through this with you. The first four are going to be closed. The next sev - eight will be - the next nine will be open from LOGIC POWER B through DESCENT ENGINE OVERRIDE. How about the CWEA? Is that going to be closed?
That's affirmative, Jim. We want the next five closed.
That's affirmative, Jim. And in row 4, under HEATERS, we want them all - Correction - we want all the QUAD HEATERS open. Correction - we want all the QUAD HEATERS closed.
Negative. We have the LIGHTING breakers all closed. Control the lighting with the switches and rheostats. Over.
Okay. We don't need the floodlights, I don't think, but we can do it that way, I guess.
And under row 4, under RCS SYSTEMS A/B-2, QUAD HEATERS, you notice that we've closed those circuit breakers, but what we want you to do is to - on panel 3, turn the RCS A/B-2 QUAD switches l, 2, 3, and 4, off. Over.
And we're going to watch your quad temps for you, and when we need to warm them up a little bit, we'll tell you to throw those four switches on - on panel 3.
Okay. Now are we sure that this PTC mode is good enough so we don't ... get crossed up later and get out of configuration.
Stand by 1 on that, Jim. Okay, Jim, as far as we can tell right now, the PTC looks as good as any PTC we've ever seen in a CSM, so we're going to go with what we've got.
Okay. For emergency, we have the hardovers and for normal use if requires a 15-minute request to get the heaters on.
Okay, Jim, that concludes our powerdown procedure, and we're waiting for you to get with it.
Okay, Jack, we'll start. I sure hate to lose ^ PGNS. I sure hope that procedure for the midcourse is a good one.
You want me to help you here?
Yes, you can -Okay. First we power down, panel 11. All of them open.
Stand by for a MASTER ALARM.
I'll give you this when I'm finished. After we go through this, then you can go through it again and doublecheck it.
Now, the flood lights are on, right? No, I kind of don't think we need them though, do you?
Don't pull those. Give me the - first of all We'll get back there. Those four are close, open, open, ENGINE ARM, open, ...
It will take him a minute to ...
You're familiar with our particular spacecraft that on panel 16 HEATERS RCS SYSTEMS A and B, QUAD 1 HEATER circuit breaker has been pushed in, and sealed in, and if it's ever pushed out, it's doubtful if we'll ever be able to reset it.
Okay, Jim, on the four QUAD HEATER breakers, we want you to leave them closed. And we'll operate the heaters with the switches on panel 3. Over.
Okay. We'll do it right there.
Okay. And I'm closing the HEATERS on panel 4, QUAD 1 through 4, OFF.
Okay. It's time for you guys to get to bed and get Fred up.
(Laughter) I still have one question, Jack. I still think that - I still say that the - on the LIGHTING in our panel 16, the FLOOD lights and the TRACK should be open. We're not using them.
Do you have any argument about -
No problem, Jim. Go ahead and open them, TRACK and FLOOD, that's all right.
Okay, TRACK and FLOOD are OPEN.
Now, why don't you go through that, Jack, and make sure those - -
Okay, Jack, my only other concern now is the COg rise in the spacecraft. I guess you're keeping a handle on that?
That's affirmed, Jinm. We have you up to 10.6 now, and we're willing to go a little higher on that. We have another cartridge and we have a procedure for making the command module cartridge, up. We'll pass that on later.
Oh, yes. I'm not worried about that. I just wanted to make sure that von - -
- - that - We just don't want to go to sleep here and forget about the rise in CO2.
Are they going to use ... - -
Roger. We're watching it for you - -
Yes, they're getting it ...
- - We have it here. It's now 10.7 and we have a medical go to 15 millimeters.
There's a new first for you.
Okay' Jim, estimate we've got 1 more hour on the primary cartridge, and 6 or 7 hours on the secondary. ' - ' -" - - .
Okay. Fine. Say, it's a spare, primary cartridge back there, too, isn't it? So that's good for another, how long?
Yes. Yes. That's yours though, isn't it?
And you're right, Jim. We've got another primary cartridge back there behind the ascent engine cover.
Right, yes. We know. Thank you.
Okay. I guess you've done everything right on that panel. Let me check the middle one Yes You powered down and then you leave me. Tell me, I've got it.
Okay, Jack, we just thought it's about time you got a LM checkout. Tape 55/7 Page 371
But he's giving it to me inert. 01 course, I'm giving him my command module, too, which is rather [???] right now, too.
Well, you've got to walk before you run, you know.
Roger. For your information. Jack - -
- - all of our analysis is based on powerdown to 14 amps, but we're reading on you right now 12.3 and so we're better off than we were in our analysis.
Jack, I thought you were going to get the sleep shift where there wasn't any excitement?
Well, I tried, but I didn't make it. I thought you were supposed to be sleeping now.
Well, Fred-o is getting something to eat, and Jim is starting to pack out so I'm taking the C0MM here until Fred gets set.
It came out here. I caught it. Okay. Now, are you getting squared away, I'll give you the COMM here. 03 10 41 00 [???] [???] [missed to speakers here]
Okay, Jack. How do you read?
Hearing you loud and clear, Fred. 0MNI.
I see you luck out with all the good shifts.
Yes, I got all the good deals. I heard Jack brief you on the COMM mode so, you got any questions about that?
And how is your PTC going? I heard Jack tell you that we can't see your CDU's. How's it going?
Yes, that's pretty straightforward. Okay, I see the Earth so I've very wisely shifted to FORWARD.
... really sick. Tape 55/9 Page 373
Earth will be by over there in a minute.
And, Jack, you still up? 03 10 47 28 Cc Still here, Fred.
Okay. You saw some venting out window 1 - -
Okay, so you're seeing some venting out window 1, and you saw a 4-inch-square piece of loose metal which was silver, and - Are you still seeing the venting or has it zeroed out now?
Okay, and we won't have any COMM delay if the PTC stays good.
Yes, sure enough the Moon is getting smaller.
Good, and we want to ask you another question about the venting. Is this - would you suppose - some new venting or is this venting that you just hadn't - that's been going on all the time, but which you hadn't looked at recently?
And Jack's going up to take a look now.
Okay. And for your information, all of our numbers are based on amperage usage of 14 amps. And we're using only 12.3, so we're a little fat on our analysis.
I'll tell you, this Aquarius has really been a winner.
Okay, Jack. Offhand, I can't imagine that since we got the platform powered down why we'd need to worry about the instantaneous control. But at any rate, we need 15-minutes warmup with the heaters before we can start using thrusters.
Okay. That's very good, Jack. You're watching them. That's good enough.
And everybody's fine at home El Lago.
Okay. Yes, we'll sure give her a try. And I'm showing onboard about 12-1/2 millimeters of mercury.
Roger. And I have a flight plan update when you get a time to copy it sometime, I'll pass it along. There's no hurry on it.
Okay. Stand by 1. Jack's back now.
Okay. Jack just came back and he said it's still coming out; it's only coming out on the commander's side. So he saw it out the same window I did, window 1. And it's between the minus Y and minus Z axis.
Jack says it's definitely the service module which was - which was my impression, too.
Okay. So you're sure it's the service module, and, of course, the thing we're interested in knowing, is it something that is residual from before, or is it something new. And if you have any ideas about that, why we'd sure like to have them.
I don't know why after I felt that. Yes, I felt it was some new something - new venting, too.
Okay. Switch to FORWARD OMNI.
Okay. I copy that - - 03 10 58 0 1 LMP take your choice, because - -
I copy the 250 millimeter, the Reseau is avail- able, but I didn't get what other one is.
Okay. I got my Hasselblad surface camera down in the LM here handy, too, camera 1.
And, Jack, if we're going to do any picture taking out the command module windows, I think we'd better do that pretty quick, or hold up until Jim and Jack get their rest done.
Okay, Fred, we're not going to bother the skipper up there. We won't be taking any pictures out of the command module window until after rest period.
Okay. Going BIOMED RIGHT. 03 11 13 57 Hey, how do you read me on this COMM mode on S-band?
We're still here, Fred. How's it going?
Okay. My C02 reading is now just below 13.
Roger, I didn't catch that last part. Maybe when the C0MM gets a little better you can say it again.
Okay. How do you read now, Jack?
Okay, I just said the Moon is still so bright, that I think probably the higher range of f-stops will be better; f/8, maybe even f/11.
I can just barely, on the left corner of the Moon now, make out the foothills of Era Mauro formation. We never did get to see it when we were in close, there.
Okay. I'm reading on my monitor here, Fred, that you're 16214 miles away from the Moon moving at about 4500 feet per second.
From the sounds of all the work that is going on and is still going on, this flight is probably a lot bigger test for the system on the ground than up here.
Yes, you've been - you've been working it out a little bit.
Yes. I've really got a tough job right now switching OMNIs.
Well, everybody down here is 100-percent optimistic. Looks like we're on the up side of the whole thing now.
Yes, I guess we had better be in good shape, particularly ourselves, rested for that entry day. I think that is going to be a pretty busy one.
Right, and we're working on procedures for that. Ken's been doing quite a bit of work on getting ready for entry.
Okay. Yes, we went and - and used the procedure to pressurize surge tank, and Jack and I made up a total of 22 drinks of - drinking water.
And I assume that Jack is up there sleeping now too, right?
Yes. That's affirm. They're both up there.
I hate to say it. Jack, but I think our PTC is about to wobble off a little bit. I've noticed that the Earth is coming by somewhat lower in the window and the Moon is going by somewhat higher.
Okay. Understand. PTC, Earth is coming by lower and Moon is coming by higher.
Did you come up with a design or - -
No. We just thought we'd see what we had in the way of material and stand by for your word. Of course, we also have lots of stiff-backed cardboard flight data.
It looks like we'll have to use that bag over again, though, because we only got two of them, and I expect that we'll have to make more than two of these canisters up.
Fred, in about 4 minutes, we're going to hand you over to a different communications site, and it's going to take us about a minute or so to reestablish uplink, so you can be prepared for that.
Fred-o, we've handed over now. How do you read?
In fact, you're coming in a little louder.
Fred, you'll have to say again. Can't read you there. There's too much background noise. Maybe we need a new antenna.
Okay. I'm on the other 0MNI now. I just said that you're coming in even louder than previously.
Roger. Maybe it's because I'm standing up. You're coming in better now, too.
And, for your information. Jack, I'm just going to tear into some beef and gravy and other assorted goodies.
I presume that you're doing this with the full permission and - of the commander.
And this - at this moment, who do you think is the commander?
If I was him, I'd make you sign out everything you ate, so I'd know.
Well, I'm sneaking inside of the LM where he doesn't have ... Incidentally, this PTC must have some - must have a wobble mode around our X-axis there because now the Moon and Earth are
Good. Let's see if it goes the other way.
These guys down here are saying they knew it all the time.
Well, that's right. They do good work. Whoever heard of doing a P52 in the LM?
Say, Fred, sometime when you're not too busy chewing on that beef, how about telling us what the CO2 reads?
Okay. It looks like our reading is getting kind of close to yours.
Yes. It appears the wobble is going the other way, Jack, because the Earth is now rising and the Moon is starting to get lower in the window.
Roger. Could you give us an LPD number periodically?
In fact, if you could give it two or three REVs in a row, why then we could predict where it's going and maybe help us set it up again if we have to.
Okay. The center of the Earth has just gone by at an LPD number of 4.
Roger. LPD 4, center of the Earth.
And the center of the Moon is about LPD 21.
Okay. LPD 21. Is that the center of the Moon, you say?
And, Fred, we're doing a little better on our water than we had anticipated. Our numbers were designed for 3.5 pounds per hour; we're using about 3.0, and expect to go a little bit less.
When this flight's all over, we'll really be able to figure out what a LM can do.
If it had a heat shield, I'd say bring it home.
Okay. The Earth went - just went by about - clear above the LPD index. It was - it was, if it were extended, the number would be minus 6.
Okay. Way up there at minus 6.
Yes, there's actually no such number. I just extended the line beyond zero which, for a negative rate, is what it would be if there was one.
Right. If minus 6 was there, that's where it would be. Right?
Do you still have that super-dense star field?
Okay. So far, we haven't identified what the sparklies are and what is venting.
Yes, I got a ... feeling that we probably won't get any ... until we power up.
Oh, as soon as I chug down this grape drink and grapefruit - orange drink, I think I'll be in pretty good shape.
How much sleep did you get between the burn and the time you got up for this exercise?
Oh, I'd guesstimate about 4 hours. Jack. Wait a minute, which burn you talking about?
It was the burn we just made. Did you get any sleep between it, and the time you got up for this watch?
Oh, no. I didn't - I haven't been to bed since all the action the night before, and I went to go to bed for about 4 hours then ...
Well, we're just trying to figure out who's likely to be the most tired up there. You or Jim.
I think we'll get caught up pretty good in the next couple of days.
Me ought to get caught up pretty good in the next couple of days.
Okay, Jack. The Earth has started back down. The hack on the LPD there was 1 degree.
Okay. One degree on the center of the Earth.
That was a good TV show you put on the other night, Fred, during LM entry.
Yes. It would have been an even better one about 10 minutes later.
Yes. Things sure turned to worms there in a hurry after that show.
Okay. The center of the Moon now in about minus 2 degrees DELTA-V.
Minus 2 degrees, center of the Moon. 03 12 44 44 CO Charlie said to say hello.
Unless my watch is wrong, it says it's almost 2 a.m. back there.
Hey, tell Charlie that I'll be back down there personally to thank him for this baby.
Okay. The Earth went by there. Jack, at LPD about 18 degrees.
Roger. We copy 18 degrees for the center of the Earth.
Okay. The Moon - I'd estimate it up around minus - somewhere 17 to minus 20 degrees LPD.
Okay. Moon's minus 17 to minus 20.
How would you like to spend a week on an air- craft carrier getting back?
If I can get on an aircraft carrier, I don't care how long it takes. Jack.
They're going to take you by helo to Samoa. You'll spend the night in Samoa, get on a 141, and be at Ellington shortly thereafter.
Okay. Kind of sounds like the original plans for the ...
Had you worrying that you're going to spend the night on the ship, helo to Samoa and directly to Ellington.
Very good. 03 12 58 27 LMP Boy, these thrusters are sure
Fred, I'm not reading you. Maybe we'd better wait until we change antennas or unless you can speak up a little louder.
Okay. The thrusters ... and the ... outside ... and they hardly look like they
Gee, I'm sorry, Fred. We're just not reading you right now. Maybe we'll have to wait a little bit.
Let's try it now. If you can speak up, the background noise has gone down a little bit.
You say the coloration of the thrusters appears they haven't been fired on quads 1 and 4?
I'm saying all of them look clean again. I guess they've fired so clean that they don't seem to ... at all. ... different color, ... copper, bronze, color of the oxygen cell. They've been fired because I watched them fire. Okay. The Earth's going by at an LPD of 42.
Roger. Copy LPD 42. Is that affirm?
And, Fred, that may be why the COMM a little bit degraded, more background noise, because we're getting out of attitude a little bit there.
How do you read on AFT OMNI now
I'M reading you, Fred. I've got a lot of background noise. Looks like it might come and go with attitude.
Yes. I think that's probably - just looking through the command module at you now.
Okay. And the Moon just went by at about minus 14 degrees.
Hey, that all sounds pretty good.
Say, Fred, did you get the dope on the Saturn IV impact - S-IVB impact?
Yes. Just as we came around the corner, Vance, they told us that it hit - I don't recall the position now, but it was a ... impact ... and recorded it on the ... seismometer.
Okay. The Earth LPD number that time was 32.
I'm reading you, Fred. I've got a lot of background noise, though.
Jack, I can definitely tell we're moving away from the Moon, now. I got it all in the monocular at one time. We're right over the top of FPA 8 right now.
You're right over the top of what?
n a point between it and Censorinus - FPA 8 and - the point halfway between there and Censorinus.
Fred-o, would say the checkpoint over which you're right now?
Okay. And incidentally, the DELTA-V on the Moon was zero, so it's coming back down. The point looks like we're just about straight over is around Censorinus and the point between it and FPA 8.
Okay. And, Jack, the Earth LPD angle is 24 degrees.
Roger. Earth at 24. And it looks like you're getting up to about 15 on the CO2, so we want you to select SECONDARY and swap out the primary cartridge. Over.
Okay. I'll select SECONDARY and swap out the primary cartridge.
Okay, Fred. And when you select - When you swap out the primary cartridge, don't reselect PRIMARY. Stay on SECONDARY until we use the secondary up. Over.
Okay. I'm changing out primary and - stay in SECONDARY until we use it up.
And the change out is complete. Jack.
Okay. Copy the changeout complete, and we're reading 4.5 on the CO2 here.
Okay. And the Earth LPD was 8 degrees.
Did you - Did you say S degrees, Fred?
Well, I missed the Moon on that one. Jack. But I would guess - estimating back a little bit, the LPD angle was somewhere around 42.
Fred, I'm having a hard time reading you, but I think you're giving me a LPD angle.
Roger. That's it. Jack. The Moon is about 42.
How you doing there, Fred? 03 13 50 33 CDR
Okay, Fred. I can just barely hear you saying something in the background and I can't make out what it is.
Hello there, Aquarius. Go ahead.
Roger. And Fred is being relieved now. He's - went back to get some rest. This is Lovell here who's got the duty.
Gee whiz. You got up kind of early, didn't you?
It's cold back there in the command module.
Well, what we were really thinking about doing was letting you sleep a little bit longer because we figure you're pretty worn out.
well, I'll go back and forth once in a while to get a ...
No, Jack's still sacked out.
Okay, Jim. we're kind of watching this PTC a little bit. Fred's been giving us a few LPD angles as we swang by the center of the Earth - center of the Moon. We noticed that the COMM has been degrading just a little bit so you might have to talk up.
And we just went on to the secondary C02 canister. Fred swapped out the primary, but we want to stay on the secondary until it is all used up.
Okay. I'm going to use the tape ... C02.
We're reading a partial pressure C0^ of 4.2 millimeters. We're cleared to use the secondary until it reaches 13.
Well, that sounds encouraging, Jack.
And there are a few temperatures that we're watching for you. You have the heaters powered down. We're looking at them, and those include the PIPAs, the ASA, the quad temps, and your propellants, except for tie DPS propellant.
Aquarius, are you reading Houston? 03 14 05 04 CDR
Okay, Jim. I can hear you talking but I can't tell what you're saying because you're way down in the background noise.
Okay. Can you hear Aquarius now? Over.
Oh, yes. That's much better. Did you get my report on the various types of people and what they're doing around here?
Roger. Sounds like you had things well organized. You might also consider what kind of a stowage configuration ... and what we can leave behind in Aquarius.
Okay, Jim. I didn't catch that suggestion on account of the background noise; maybe we can pass it on when it gets more favorable.
I'm thinking in terms of stowage. Whether we would leave the suit, ... the Hycon camera in Aquarius, prior to ...
Okay. I heard you say something about using the Hycon camera in Aquarius.
Negative, Jack. I'm thinking of reentry stowage attitude. Whether we should - what we should leave behind in Aquarius. Leave the suits behind; leaving such big items as the Hycon cameras in Aquarius. Over.
Oh, understand. You're thinking about stowage. What'll we leave behind in Aquarius when we fall back into Odyssey. Is that right?
Okay. We've people working on that, too.
And we presently are tracking you at 22 500 miles from the Moon, moving out at 4400 feet a second.
Okay, Jim. Once again I hear you talking back there but I can only pick out a few words; maybe we'll have a better time.
Aquarius, we're trying to improve our communications. Could you turn the BIOMED off and give us a voice check, please?
Voice check follows: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1; voice check out.
Okay, Jim. That seemed to be better.
How are you doing there, Aquarius?
Okay. Sometime when you get two guys available there and you could construct one of these lithium hydroxide rigs, I'd like to have you get the materials together, and we'll go through the steps together.
Okay. Sounds good. And how do you read me now?
Well, there is a lot of background noise, and sometimes it is worse than others and right now I hear you better than 1 have in the past.
Okay, Jack. I'm kind of curious the amount of perturbations our PTC attitude is taking. I notice that we are getting off attitude, and I'm just kind of curious how far we can let this go.
We were tracking the attitudes with Fred earlier and it looked like what we were doing was oscillating about some point, but coming back. Are you detecting some kind of divergence now?
Roger. Will do. Jack. And I'm looking into the AOT now to the right - No, the number 4 detent, and we are venting something back there; I can see particles moving on past the command module. What it is, I don't know.
Okay. Can you identify the quadrant?
Roger. Understand, and I hope you have that pro- cedure for attitude.
We are ginning up a procedure for attitude for you, Jim. For the no-COMM case, it may be a little different than what the guys working on the procedures come up with for the burn at 104 hours.
What I'm saying, Jim, is the guys who are working on this attitude situation for the burns haven't made their final conclusions yet, but in the interim period, we want to come up with something you can use, in the event that you lose COMM.
Houston, Aquarius. The Earth is going through the 10-degree line or angle of the LPD.
Okay. We copied 10 degrees. Is that Earth or Moon, Jim?
Okay. Earth 10 degrees. Thank you.
And, Houston ... As we ... No! ... has an angle of about 24 degrees on the LPD.
Jack, ... the LPD on the Moon now is 22 degrees.
Okay. I'm reading you better, Jim. Say again, please.
Roger. The LPD now on the Moon is 22 degrees. 1 missed the Earth last time. I'll get it this time.
Okay. Twenty-two degrees, and looks like we've come up with a procedure for the attitude control on the upcoming burns. Probably the ones that we'll use from here on out.
It's going to be a few minutes before I'm ready to read it up to you.
Jack, on the first of the LPD angles is about a minus 2 degrees and just slightly above the top line.
Okay. Just went by minus 2 degrees. Is that on the Earth?
That's the Earth. Now, I don't know whether we're oscillating back and forth or not. Jack, or whether it's a continual motion. We'll have to see here.
Okay, Jack. The Moon now has an LPD angle of 10 degrees
Roger. The Moon at 10 degrees.
I think so. We're going to use AGS for a burn monitor. The burns are going to be manual, and they're going to be started manually and stopped manually.
Okay. And your reentry is around the dark side of the Earth, and since we're coming in shallow, we're going to have to burn toward the Sun to make it steeper. Do you follow that?
That's affirm. Especially these burns will be perpendicular to our flight path and to the Sun giving a steeper entry angle.
Okay, Jim. I heard you say perpendicular to your flight path, which is affirmative, and I didn't get the rest of your statement.
I understand the technique. Jack. We're burning to give us time to steepen our entry angle, and it will be perpendicular to our flight path for corridor control.
Okay, Jim. So we want to get the Y-axis of the spacecraft parallel to the terminator by putting the points of the crescent on the Y-axis.
Seriously, Jack, when I stop the spacecraft looking at - at the Earth, I'm going to have to roll - in LM terms, roll the spacecraft 90 degrees to get the tip of the Earth all on the Y-axis.
Okay. I understand what you're saying, but you'll have to repeat it here.
Roger. Confirm that ENGINE GIMBAL will be off.
And, Jack, how long do you estimate the length of the burns will be?
Okay. The length of the burns are going to be probably less than a minute. And we want you to have cut-off based on time. So we will give you a burn time. And I have a P30 maneuver pad for midcourse-7 in the event that we lose COMM if you are ready to copy.
Okay, Jim. P30 LM maneuver pad: the purpose is midcourse-7. NOUN 33 is 134:59:42.98. NOUN 81 is N/A. Ha is N/A. Hp is plus 0020.5. DELTA-Vr is 0019.3. Burn time, 0:39; 008, 000; the rest is N/A; thrust will be at 10 percent. Read back.
All right. This is midcourse-7 corridor control, and it's in case we lose COMM: 134:59:42-98; NOUN 81 is N/A; 42, N/A; plus 0020.5; 0019.3. Burn time, 0:39; 008, 000. All the rest is N/A: thrust 10 percent.
Okay, Jack. I'm looking at your burn pad and I see that the ... total gimbal ... 19.3 feet per second.
Okay, Jim. We verify 19.3 feet per second for 39 seconds.
The old midcourse technique sounds like something that we came up with on Apollo 8.
Yes, everybody wondered if you would remember that; by golly, you did.
Hey, Jim, I got a little bit more information - maneuver pad, I got LAT/L0NG range to go, VERB 10 and GET; if you got a place to copy that down, I'll give it to you for EMS.
Okay, Jim. I just have the last three blocks. NOUN 61: latitude, minus 021.62; longitude, minus 165.37; range to go, 1162.9; VERB 10:36291: GET of .05g is 142:41:30; read back.
I didn't get the latitude, but the longitude is minus 165.67; range to go, 11629; velocity 36291; 142:41:30.
Okay, Jim. The latitude is minus 021.62; I have a correction on the longitude - minus 165.37. Go ahead.
Roger, Jack. The latitude is minus 21.62; longitude is minus 165.37, and this goes in conjunction with that midcourse 7 pad you gave us.
That's affirmative. That means no maneuvers between now and midcourse 7. And this is a horizontal in-plane burn, plus X, toward the Sun, 19.3 feet Per second.
That's affirm, Jim. I - You got the attitude right, and did you copy about doing a 400 plus all balls after - you do the 400 plus 5? That is, a 400 plus 5 and a 400 plus all zeros back to back.
Jack - this is Aquarius. I'm not too sure how long or with what force the venting is going to do to our trajectory. However, you might keep a check on that. It may have been going on for sometime.
Roger, Jim. We've been taking a look at it. We haven't been able to detect it on the Doppler, however.
But we think it's pretty small.
Jack, would you give me a time hack on an even GET so I can start my watch.
Okay. Coming up on 87 hours and 35 minutes, we will be there in 30 seconds. Set it for 87.35.
Just give me a hack at 88 hours.
Okay. I'll give you a hack at 88 hours. That'll be another 25 minutes.
All right. Thanks. 03 15 41 53 CLR Houston, Aquarius.
Jim, that sounds like the one that is best to use to me. Let me talk it over with the rest of the guys here, and we'll advise you.
Right, Jack. That was my next question. I don't want to aline the AGS ball 000 until I am in po- sition, so we use that as a primary attitude burn monitor device.
And, Jim, you can do a 400 plus all zeros any time you want to; that just tells the AGS that you want it to control your attitude should you go to ATTITUDE HOLD in MODE CONTROL.
Roger. I understand, but after we get to the attitude, we'll do a 400 plus 5 to ret the AGS aline ball, and then we'll do a 400 plus zero.
Roger. Would you tell the people of the LRL to turn it off.
Oh, no. We're going to do the whole bit.
And don't forget my hack at 88 hours. Jack.
Say again, please, Aquarius.
I want to get my hack hack at 88 hours.
Roger. That will be in about 6-l/2 more minutes.
Well, that's great. You think they'Il consider this. flight pay ?
Well, we might be able to work out some arrangement.
Standing by for the 88-hour time hack.
Standing by for the 88-hour time hack.
Okay. We got a minute to go.
Okay. Coming up on the 88-hour mark. I'll give you a 2-second delay. Stand by to mark.
Pretty good. Jack. Say, you might have the people look at our DPS burn card to see what changes have to be made on it for the burn.
Heard you say look at the DPS burn; you'll have to say what about it again, please.
Roger, Jack. You might take a look at our DPS burn card, our checklist card that we have in the LM, and see what changes might have to be put in that checklist.
How're you doing there, Jim?
Okay. We'll just leave her go.
What's our course of action to set up PTC after this midcourse at 107?
The only thing we can try to do, Jim, is to set the thing up manually and see what happens. There must be a better answer than that - -
- - and one course of action is to omit the mid- course and make a total midcourse, say, about 8 hours before entry. We haven't decided yet.
Right now we're talking about a 7-foot-per-second midcourse at 104 hours. And extrapolate that down to about 8 hours before entry. We gave you a pad for that - that's about, only 19 feet per second, so if it doesn't change too much - and we can get all kinds of DPS.
Understand. Sure like to keep this vehicle in the corridor though.
Can you think of any normal venting phenomena that might occur like maybe - a hydrogen tank that's over-pressurized relieving in the window?
Yes, we thought of that, Jim. 03 16 55 52 CO That ir, one possibility that we've thought of, Jim, because - We heated up that tank, and we haven't been using any hydrogen and, therefore. it could be venting in the overboard release.
Well, that's a note of encouragement.
You got a Chinese band going up there?
Oh, sorry. I forgot all about hot mike.
Jim, we've had you scheduled for an eat period about an hour ago. I suppose you've taken care Of that. The other thing is we're kind of interested in knowing how long you're going to be at stick there, or if you're going to go back to bed or what?
Okay. That's good. Let me - Let me wait until they get up, or at least Jack gets up. He should be getting up before Fred. And we'll try to get back on the schedule. I hate to wake everybody up right now though, if they're sleeping.
Okay. Your choice on that. As soon as Jack gets up, I'd suggest we go ahead and break up these lithium hydroxide canisters and make a couple of them. Jack could work on that. It's going to take four sets of hands, I think.
Okay. We'll make that the project, getting the lithium hydroxide canister squared away.
Hi, Jim. We've got a flight handover in about 2 minutes, and we'll have a temporary loss of COMM. You don't need to switch antennas. Over.
Aquarius, Houston through Madrid for a C0MM check. How do you read?
Loud and clear, Joe. How me?
... asleep? 03 18 06 46 CMP I ... Maybe ... ... hydroxide ...
... on secondary. We'll let it go to 15. Why don't you get on a headset, and I'll be down ... for ...
Aquarius, Houston. Go ahead.
Okay. Jack's up with me now and you all ... procedure for making these lithium hydroxide devices, and soon as he gets on his helmet, he'll be ready to copy, and then he'll get started making one.
Roger that, Jim. Understand - -
I'll give Jack the headset for a while and he'll copy down your instructions.
Okay, Jim. I didn't copy your second thought. Over.
I'll give Jack the headset and let him copy the instructions.
Okay. Do you have any equipment listed? I'll just get it and give it to him and I can just sit here where I am.
Okay. That's two lithium hydroxide canisters, one roll of that special gray tape, two LCGs which we're going to use the bags from, one LM cue card and ...
Okay, ... I'll have Jack gather up the stuff.
... that roll of gray tape.
... Okay. ... and ... plastic bags.
Yes. Bring it down here. One LM cue card. I get that.
Yes. Aquarius, Houston. Go ahead.
We have gathered the materials, and I can put Jack on the headset and he can copy the instructions ... do you see any need for - or should I copy it to give them to him, or do you think they're too detailed?
Why don't you put him on the headsets, Jim, and I'll read it out to him.
Okay, Jack. Did anybody ever tell you that you got a 60-day extension on your income tax. Over.
Yes. I think - I think somebody said that when you are out of your country, you get a 60-day extension.
Okay. Take an LCG, cut, the outer bag by the heat seal. Be careful not to damage the inner bag. Right?
Right. Just cut along one side.
Hey, Houston, Odyssey - or Aquarius. We've dene that.
Okay, Jack. Now - now remove the inner bag from the outer bag, and cut the inner bag, also, along one of the heat seals down one side.
Okay. Remove the inner bag from the outer bag, cut the inner bag along the heat seal along one side.
Okay. That's correct. Do that, and report,
Okay, Joe. We've got that done.
Okay, Jack. Now you can put the LCG itself; that is, take it out of the inner bag, put it in the outer bag, and stow it some place; we recommend U-1, but you can stow it wherever it's convenient.
... outer bag ... and stow it back in ...
Okay. Now pick up one of the lithium hydroxide canisters, and let me describe which end is which. It's approximately square on one - one of the vented flat ends, has the strap, and that end we call the top, the end opposite we call the bottom. Is that clear? Over.
Okay. Now we've got to make the belt real taut here.
Okay, Jack. Did you have - -
- - Hey. Houston, are you reading?
- - We've got the two belts around the top and the one around the bottom all done.
Okay. I've got a cut length right hers and we'll tear it lengthwise ... and I'm going to go around right here at this ridge all the way around at right angles and anchor it ...
Joe, just to clarify that, sticky end down. Right? On the tape that I am putting on now?
I didn't quite copy that. Jack. Say again.
Okay. That will be the sticky end down on the container, right?
Oh, that's correct. I forgot to say that. That's right.
... hold that one right here, if I can set it.
Okay, Joe; Aquarius. We've got that done.
Okay. And when you've done that, to hold the arch in place, just run a strip of tape across the side of the - that is, across the top of the arch, and anchor it down to the sticky strips along each side.
Okay. I got the idea. Okay. Let me just repeat it here. Take a cue card, form an arch over the top, bringing it under the side here. When we're through, run a piece of tape from the sides across the top of that to anchor to the other side.
The top. ... Across the top.
Looks like you're going to have to cut the cue card slightly.
Doesn't have to be really ... over that the only thing we're ... we can just take the scissors and cut off the edge here. The only thing this does, Jim, is prevent this from being sucked down into the container.
Still going to need some more tape. Cut off the end. Okay. Whack off the bottom. ...
Okay, Joe. We've got that arch built, and it's all taped in securely.
Okay. We'll start plugging up the bypass hole.
Plug that hole. We can either - we can put some either - Let's cut a piece of your towel there.
Okay, Houston; Aquarius. We have the bypass hole all plugged up.
Okay, Joe. Slip the bag over the canister so that the arch is at the bottom of the bag and that the ears are along oriented along, let's see - I guess it would be - would be at the sides of the arch.
Depends on what you mean by sides - over the - the open ends of the arch.
Right, the open ends of the arch.
Okay, Joe. We've got that done.
Okay. I'll do it. Okay. Now they want two strips around here to make a tight seal.
Okay, Joe. We've got the canister inside the bag, two strips around the sides of the bag, real tight, and both sealed.
Okay. You want me to trim the excess material. that's sticking off here; trim it at the edge of that canister? Or do you want any excess left over?
No, you don't need to have any excess. Just trim it approximately level.
Okay. Now, Joe, you want to cut four strips, 12 inches long each, l/2-inch in diameter. Tape that along the outsides of the bag across the ribs.
That's correct. Jack. That's just for additional security on the bag. When you get those done, you'll have - You'll have two strips going one way, and the other two will be perpendicular to them.
Okay, Houston; Aquarius. We've got the four strips in place.
Okay. Take the - I'm going to want to separate the red hose from the blue hose by cutting this Beta-cloth sheath. Okay. That' s in work.
Okay, Houston; Aquarius. I have the LMP's red
Okay. Copy that. We want a 1-1/2 inch hole right here at this ear, and put the hose in here, end down and toward the canister and then we tape the seal around here.
Let's try it. Ww can always make it bigger if we have to. Fred, get those. ... the center of the arch.
Got to - Got to come in towards the center, all the way to the center. No, no.
Yes. I can't get those big knobs.
... All we have to do is ... tape around here ... tight fit
Aquarius, Houston. Go ahead.
Okay. Will do. Jim, I've got one more little thing to do, and that's ... seal that top.
Okay. We'll start setting up the commander's hose configuration the same as the IMF's hose. And I'll get - instead of - I guess you want me to use my launch ... - launch checklist which I'd ...
That's affirmative. Jack. What we have done is marked up the lift-off configuration checklist, and we'll run through it whenever you get around to it.
What I'd better do is before I put this thing back in operation, they're going to complete that other canister. I don't know. It should be in operation now. ...
Yes. Or else a strip of tape.
Okay, Jim. We've got to start setting up the commander's. ...
You can get one of the cards, and I'll start cutting the ... bag.
Yes. ... show. How about that ... because I've got two in my ...
Yes. Here, we'll store them back where I got it.
Roger, Jack; Tom here. Just thought I would pass on to you and Jim that got a little data priority going today, and going to convene to CPCB and we'll have you all kinds of good procedures for later on. Over.
Okay. Thank you, Tom. You guys are really working overtime.
We're getting a little coordination down here.
Aquarius, Houston. You might pass on to Jim, he had such a long day yesterday, we thought we were going to have to play him some guitar music to get him to sleep last night. Over.
That's exactly what he did. Tom said you had such a long day yesterday, he thought he was going to have to play some guitar music to get you to sleep.
Okay. Let's get this tape around the outside.
Kind of looks like the Earth has gotten kind of angled a little bit, but it's, for as many hours as I think it's been great. You know how to do this? How? ... the terminator.
Okay. Now we got to get two strips ... tight.
Tom said the CPCB is getting ...
... he's never been through a command module activation.
That looks good. Now we got trim up that extra.
... Oh, wait a minute; I'm sorry I didn't see it. ... 03 19 43 20 CMP
I'll tell you, why don't you put - under your restraining cable; just stow it under your restraining cable there. And that will keep, then, until we're ready for them.
... there's an orange in yours.
Yes, I've got to get the launch checklist. And we're going to go over initial switch configuration. And get all those ...
I kind of have an idea that as soon as we hit darkness, we'll be doing a P51, P52. Hope we're going to be ...
When you get through, you could get me that R- the checklist up in R-3 ...
Aquarius, Houston. Go ahead.
Okay, Joe, I'm ready to start on that command module switch configuration. That's on page L 1-1.
Okay, Jack. Understand you are ready for the switch configuration checklist. And I have in front of me the lift-off configuration, page L 1-1. Are you with me? Over.
Okay. EMS FUNCTION, OFF, MODE, STANDBY, GTA, off; GTA cover secure.
Roger. CMC ATTITUDE to IMU, no change; FDAI scale, 5/5, no change; FDAI SELECT number 1; and FDAI SOURCE, GDC. Over.
Okay. CMC ATTITUDE, IMU; FDAI scale, 5/5; FDAI, select 1; SOURCE GDC. Hey, what you do is just read the ones that have the changes, Joe, and I'll read back to you, everything, where you stop.
Okay; fine. The next one that changes is three down, where we go, "MAN ATTITUDE PITCH to RATE COMMAND." Over.
Okay. The next one, two, three, four are unchanged. And then we want TRANSLATION CONTROLLER POWER to OFF, ROTATION CONTROL POWER NORMAL, two, to OFF; and ROTATION CONTROL POWER DIRECT, two, to OFF. Over.
Okay. The next two are unchanged. And we want the 3 EMAG switched in RATE 2. Over.
Okay, The next one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight are unchanged, and we get down to the ELS AUTO switch which we want in MANUAL. Over.
Okay. And we want CM RCS LOGIC, OFF, down, and the rest of the page is unchanged. Over.
Okay. Let me read back the whole page.
Jack, Houston. You are not coming through. And request you talk a little more directly into the mike. I've got the BMAGS in RATE 2. And start from there. Over.
Okay. That's 100 percent, Jack. Let's go to page 2. And we start with alpha Pc to Pc, and LAUNCH VEHICLE/SPS INDICATORS to GPI. Over.
Okay. The next three are unchanged. And then the EVENT TIMER START to STOP. Over.
Okay. The next ones, on panel 1 are unchanged, and on panel 2, go all the way down to SM RCS propellant talkbacks, and in parenthesis scratch out "eight," and put "four to gray," and then pencil in a line "SM RCS propellant talkbacks, four, to barber pole." Over.
Let me ask you. SM RCS propellant talkbacks, four, barber poles. And you want the switches? And you think ...?
I guess that's the config - Stand by 1, and I'll check that.
Okay, Jack. The switches all remain in their present position, which is center, but we - Because we have no power on the bus, the bottom row of talkbacks will be spring loaded to the barber pole position and that's for your information. Over.
Oh, that's right. Oh, I knew that. I'm not thinking too well.
Okay. Now the next one, two, three, four, five are the same, and we want EDS AUTO to OFF. Over.
Okay. The next three are the same, and then we want PROPELLANT DUMP to RCS COMMAND; 2 ENGINE OUT to OFF and LAUNCH VEHICLE RATES to OFF. Over.
Okay. Let me read back the whole page.
Jack, Houston. The COMM kind of gets better and worse and the last one I copied was RCS TRANSFER to center. Start from there.
Okay. That's correct. Let's go to page 3, and the first one on page 3, TOWER JETT, two to OFF. Over.
Okay. The next one, two, three, four, five, six, seven are the same, and then we get CAUTION/ WARNING NORMAL to ACK, CAUTION/WARNING CSM to CM, and CAUTION/WARNING POWER to OFF. Over.
Okay. The next one, two, three, four are the same, and then we get to the H2 HEATERS, two, OFF; and the 02 HEATERS, two, OFF. Got that?
Yes. ... we don't have any H2 or 02 ... Okay.
Okay, Jack. Those are the only changes on page l-3.
Okay. POWER JETT, two, OFF. And then I'll just go on down: CAUTION and WARNING NORMAL to ACKNOWLEDGE; CAUTION and WARNING CSM - CAUTION and WARNING CSM to CM; CAUTION and WARNING POWER, OFF. h2 and o2 HEATERS. OFF.
That's correct. Jack. Those are the only changes on 1-3. Now, let's go to 1-4. No changes on the remaining three panel 2 switches. On panel 3, the first one, two, three, four are unchanged and then we want FUEL CELL HEATERS, three, to OFF. Over.
Okay. The next one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight are the same, and then we want FUEL CELL 1 MAIN BUS A to OFF; and, skipping one, we want FUEL CELL 2 MAIN BUS A to OFF. Over.
Okay. Skip two, and then we want CELL 3 MAIN BUS A talkback to gray. Over.
Okay. The next one, we want MAIN BUS A RESET to OFF; skip one, and we want FUEL CELL 1 MAIN BUS B talkback to gray. Over.
Okay. Skip one, and we want FUEL CELL 2 MAIN BUS B talkback, gray; and, the next one, we want FUEL CELL 3 MAIN BUS B to OFF. Over.
Okay. Skip one, and we want MAIN BUS B RESET to OFF. Over.
All right. Then the next one, two, three, four, five, six are the same, and then we want S-BAND TRANSPONDER to center, OFF; skip one, and we want S-BAND POWER AMPLIFIER, HIGH to center, OFF; and the POWER AMPLIFIER talkback to barber Pole. Over.
Okay. Read back the changes on this page - Stand by. I ... another OMNI.
Jack, Houston. Start in again. I wasn't copying that.
Okay, Jack. That's completely correct on 1-4. Let's go to 1-5, and on that page the first one, two, three, four, five, six are the same, and we want UP TELEMETRY COMMAND to OFF. Over.
Okay. The next one, two, three are the same, and we want VHF AM B to center. Over.
The next one, two, three, four are the same, and we want S-BAND SQUELCH to OFF, and FUEL CELL REACTANT VALVE to NORMAL. Over.
Okay. The next one, two, three are the same, and then we want TAPE RECORDER FORWARD to center; TAPE MOTION talkback, barber pole; SCE POWER to center; and PMP POWER to center. Over.
Okay. Skip the next one, and we want AC INVERTER 1 to OFF, and AC INVERTER 2 to OFF. Over.
Okay. Skip the next one, and we want INVERTER 1 AC 1 to OFF, and skip two and we want AC 1 RESET to OFF. Over.
Okay. Skip 1, and we want INVERTER 2 AC 2 to OFF; and skip 1, and we want AC 2, BUS to RESET - AC 2 BUS RESET to OFF.
That was AC 2 BUS RESET, wasn't it? Okay. Skip the next one, and on panel 4, we want SPS GAGING to OFF; TELCOM GROUP 1 to OFF; TELC0M GROUP 2 to OFF; and GLYCOL PUMPS to OFF. Over.
Okay. That's correct on 1-5, Jack. Let's go to the 1-6. And the first line we want SUIT COMPRESSORS, both, to OFF. Over.
Okay, Jack; Houston. It's noisy again; I didn't copy your Roger on that.
Okay. How do you read now, Joe?
You're loud and clear now, and let's go to panel 5. We want FUEL CELL PUMP AC 1, OFF; AC 2, OFF; and that's the FUEL CELL 1 PUMP, AC 1, OFF; FUEL CELL 2 PUMPS, AC 2, OFF; FUEL CELL 3 PUMPS, AC 2, OFF; G/N POWER, OFF', and both the MAIN BUS TIEs OFF. Over.
Okay. Skip two, and then we want INTERIOR INTEGRAL LIGHTING, OFF; and INTERIOR FLOODLIGHT, OFF. Scratch out "Full dim or full bright." Over.
Okay. And circuit breakers on panel 5 we want all open. Over.
Okay. On panel 6, skip the first one. We want POWER to OFF, and skip down then to SUIT POWER to OFF. Over.
Okay. On panel 7 we want EDS POWER, OFF. TVC SERVO POWER 1 and 2, OFF; FDAI/GPI POWER, OFF; and LOGIC 2 slash 3 POWER, OFF. Over.
Okay, Jack. That's correct. Go to page 1-7. SCS ELECTRONICS POWER, OFF; SCS SIGNAL CONDITIONER/ DRIVER BIAS 1 and 2, OFF; and BMAG POWER, both, OFF; and DIRECT 02 valve to close. Over.
Okay. SCS ELECTRONICS POWER, OFF; both SIGNAL CONDITIONER/DRIVER BIAS POWER, OFF; BMAG POWER, two of them OFF; DIRECT 02 to close.
Right. SPS PITCH and YAW, four, to open.
SPS PITCH and YAW, four, to open.
Roger. SPS GAGING, four, to open.
Okay. And SEQ ARM, two, open.
Okay. Are you with me? SEQ ARM, two of them open.
Roger. The next is EDS, three, to open.
Roger. The next are ELS BAT A, BAT B, two, open.
ELRS RAT A and BAT B, two of them, open.
Roger. POSTLANDING VENT FLIGHT slash POSTLANDING to open.
Okay. POSTLANDING and POSTLANDING VENT, open. 03 20 18 57 CO Okay. That was the - Yes, the POSTLANDING VENT, that's FLT/PL to open. The next are SCS DIRECT ULLAGE, two, to open.
SCS DIRECT ULLAGE, two, open.
That's correct, and the next ones are SM RCS HEATER A MAIN B, and HEATER C MAIN B, open.
Okay, SERVICE MODULE RCS HEATER MAIN B, open, and HEATER C MAIN B, open.
That's correct, and SM RCS HEATER B MAIN A, open, and HEATER D MAIN A, open. Over.
Okay, Jack. That's the last of the additions to this page. Go back to the regular checklist, and go to the AUTO RCS SELECT switches. We want all 16 of them open. Over. That is OFF.
Okay. Okay. They're sitting at OFF right now. All 16 AUTO RCS switches OFF. LIGHTING-LIGHTING, OFF: INTERIOR INTEGRAL LIGHTING, OFF; and INTERIOR FLOOD LIGHTING, OFF. Over.
Okay. Skip 3. We want SECs LOGIC, two OFF, down, and SECs PYRO ARM, two OFF, down. Over.
Okay, and on panel 9: POWER to OFF. Over.
Okay, Jack. I don't think you need to read back all the circuit breakers because we copied them as you went. If you just want to read back - the panel 8, panel 9 changes.
All right, let's do it. SCS ELECTRONICS POWER, OFF. ... panel 8. All 16 RCS switches, OFF. INTERIOR NUMERICS LIGHTING, OFF; INTERIOR INTEGRAL, OFF; INTERIOR FLOOD LIGHTING, OFF. SPS LOGIC, two, down and OFF. PYRO ARM, down and OFF. Then panel 9 is POWER to OFF.
Okay; that's correct. Jack. Let's go to Page 1-8. In the second line, SUIT POWER's OFF Over.
Okay, Jack. COMM sounds a little - -
- - ... too many changes here.
- - COMM sounds better now, Jack - -
Good. SUIT POWER was OFF, and then go to panel 10, POWER, OFF, and SUIT POWER, OFF. Over.
Okay. And that's the only changes on pages 1-8. Over.
Okay. SUIT POWER, OFF; panel 10, POWER and SUIT POWER, OFF.
That's correct. Go to page 1-9 and on panel 100, skip the first four. We want IMU POWER, OFF. Over.
Okay. Skip the next one, and we want NUMERICS LIGHTING, OFF; FLOOD LIGHTS, OFF; and INTEGRAL LIGHTS, OFF. Over.
Okay. On panel 101, skip the first three. We want URINE DUMP to OFF, and WASTE WATER DUMP to OFF. Over.
Okay. On panel 122, the only change is CONDITION LAMPS to OFF. Over.
Okay. Panel 162, no change. Panel 163, no change. Now add, in panel 201, FOOD WARMER to OFF. Over.
Okay. On panel 225. it, will read the same except I have three additional circuit breakers that we want open, and I'll read them up one at a time. The first one is S-BAND FM TRANSMITTER DSE, GROUP 1, open. Over.
S-BAND TRANSMITTER DSE, GROUP I, open.
Roger that. The next one is FLIGHT BUS, MAIN A and MAIN B, and that's two breakers, both open.
FLIGHT BUS, MAIN A, and FLIGHT BUS, MAIN B, two of them, open.
Okay. That's correct. The last change is CTE, both open. Over.
Could you say that again? 03 20 26 29 CO Affirmative. CENTRAL TIMING EQUIPMENT, CTE, both open. Over.
Affirmative. And that's all the changes on page 1-9.
Okay. That's correct, Jack. Let's go to page 1-10. And on panel 226 - -
All right. We are going to switch on these. Got a switch on the ...
Okay. Satisfactory, Jack. You ready for panel 226?
Okay. On panel 226, we want all open accept; so change word "Closed" to "Open" and then scratch out the next three lines because we want them open, too. Over.
Okay. All open accept and you're going to give the ones you want open.
Eight. I'll give you the opens now. We want LIGHTING: FLOOD, MAIN A, MAIN B, and FLIGHT/ P0STLANDING, closed.
Okay. LIGHTING: FLOOD, MAIN A; LIGHTING: FLOOD, MAIN B, closed; and FLIGHT/POSTLANDING, closed.
Roger, Jack. EEC0M tells me that's all one circuit breaker, and the next one is LIGHTING: NUMERICS/INTEGRAL, LEB AC2, LMDC-ACl, and R MDC-ACl to closed, and that's one circuit breaker also.
Okay. I don't know whether I can read that all back. Okay, LIGHTING: NUMERIC/INTEGRAL and I didn't get the rest of it, Joe -
Okay. Stand by 1 second while I make damn sure about this.
Okay. There are three FLOOD circuit breakers and three NUMERIC circuit breakers and you want all six of those closed.
That's affirmative. Jack, and all. the rest open. Okay. Panel 227, no change, and panel 229, one addition to the circuit breakers we want open, and those are the TIMERS, MAIN A and MAIN B, two, to open. Over.
Okay. Okay, you want the TIMING circuit breakers, two of them, open. 03 20 32 24 CC That's affirmative. Okay. On panel 250
- -panel 229. 03 20 32 29 CC we want all closed accept, and then scratch out all the ones that are there.
Okay. All closed accept. Okay. I'm ready to copy.
Wait 1 minute. Yes, EEC0M caught me; I said that wrong. We want you to change the word "Closed" to "Open," and then scratch out the ones that are there.
Okay. The two that we want closed are SEQUENCER A and SEQUENCER B. Over.
Say again, jack. C0MM is just improving.
Okay. I had to switch OMNIs here. And the two you want all open on panel 250 except SEQUENCE A and SEQUENCE B.
That's correct. Panel 251, no change; panel 252, WASTE STOWAGE VENT valve, closed. Over.
WASTE STOWAGE VENT valve, closed.
Roger. And, on panel 275, we want all the circuit breakers open; no exceptions. Over,
Panel 275, all open; no exceptions.
Okay, and that's all for page 1-10. You want to read any of that back? I think you've got it all.
No, I think I've got it all.
Okay. Let's go to page 1-11. On panel 276, no change; on panel 278, we want all circuit breakers open; no exceptions. Over.
Roger. Now we'll skip all the way down to panel 306 where we want the MISSION TIMER to STOP and the EVENT TIMER to STOP. Over.
Okay. Panel 306, MISSION TIMER, STOP; and EVENT TIMER, STOP.
Okay. And those are all the changes on 1-11, Jack.
okay. On page 1-12, panel 325, we want both CABIN PRESSURE RELIEF valves to NORMAL. Over.
Okay. On panel 326, we want the REPRESS PACKAGE valves to OFF; the SM 0^ SUPPLY valves to OFF; the SURGE TANK O^ valve to OFF. Over.
Okay. REPRESS, SERVICE MODULE 02 SUPPLY, SURGE TANK 02, three of them, to OFF.
Roger. You did include the REPRESS PACKAGE there. Okay, GLYCOL RESERVOIR IN valve to CLOSED. BYPASS to OPEN, and OUT valve to CLOSED. Over.
Okay. GLYCOL RESERVOIR IN valve CLOSED; BYPASS valve OPEN; and RESERVOIR OUT valve CLOSED.
That's affirmative. Panel 350, no change. Panel 351, MAIN REGULATOR valves, two, to CLOSED, and the H20/GLYC0L TANK PRESSURE REGULATOR valve, OFF, and RELIEF valve, OFF. Over.
Okay. MAIN REG valve, two, to CLOSED. WATER/ GLYCOL TANK PRESSURE REG and RELIEF valves, both OFF.
Okay. That's affirm. Those to the left, changes on 1-12. Let's go to 1-13.
Okay. Go down to panel 380, 02 DEMAND REG valve, OFF, and SUIT CIRCUIT RETURN VALVE, pulled to OPEN. Over.
okay, both 02 DEMAND REG valves are OFF and SUIT CIRCUIT RETURN VALVE pulled OPEN.
That's correct. Go to panel 382. The first one, two, three, four are unchanged. We want SEC EVAP H20 CONTROL valve OFF, and PRIM EVAP H2O CONTROL valve to OFF. Those both are both counterclockwise. Over.
Okay, Houston. Reading back 382, SECONDARY EVAPORATOR H20 CONTROL valve's OFF, and PRIMARY EVAPORATOR H20 CONTROL valve, OFF.
That's correct. Those are the only changes on 1-13, and there are no changes on 1-14, and you've got it all, Jack. Over.
Okay. Real good, Joe. ... configures for that panel.
Okay. That sounds good. You want to get this PLSS configuration done first before you give those other procedures, huh?
Yes, I think so. Stand by 1 second and I'll see if FLIGHT has any words for us before you start that.
Okay, we don't have anything for you. Our only concern is that you'll wake up somebody; is there anybody sleeping right now?
No. We're all sitting here eating. I'm just going to get a bite to eat. Then I'll write down that switch configuration, or I'll copy the procedure now, if you want.
Yes, okay. Understand they are all up. Did you say you wanted to copy the other procedure now? Over.
I can if you want. It's your choice.
I'd rather you went ahead with the switch con- figuration. Jack.
Okay, let's do that and then I'll be back with you.
Okay. See you later. And tell Jim that Deke wants him to go to bed.
Okay. I'll tell him that right now.
I'll tell you, I'll get my switch set done first before I eat so I won't disturb Jim any.
Stand by 1 minute. Jack, before you go in there. FLIGHT has got one other item for you.
Deke wants you to go to bed.
... like that ... I got up about 1 hour ...
You know what I thought - I think what we saw venting was the result of our DELTA-Vs stirring up things, popping the relief valve. Yes. We don't see anything venting now. ...
Okay, Houston. We are standing by.
Okay, I'm going to go get the switch configura- tion done now before Jim goes to bed so I don't disturb him.
Jim thinks Deke sounds like Frank Borman on Apollo 8.
(Laughter) Okay. Sorry about that.
I'm going to give the C0MM to Fred-o, now.
Aquarius, Houston. Go ahead.
Okay, before I hit the sack, Joe, I just want to make sure - How are you still planning an MCC at 107 and what's the latest find?
We have no druthers. As long as we do the mid- course and there is plenty of tracking thereafter to correct for another midcourse; that's my only concern.
Okay, Jim. Roger that. And based on FIDO's input that he'd like to do it not later than 24 hours before EI, we will be doing it prior to 118 hours.
Okay. Stand by on that one, Fred.
Roger. I am told that we'd see 38 degrees for that package, and it'll be okay for the burn. We're massaging the detail procedures for this burn at this time and we expect to have a real clean setup to you in plenty of time.
And I don't know if Jack passed it on to you, but Jack and I just finished logging about 6 hours sleep, each.
Roger, Fred. Copy that. Is it a little chilly up there?
Yes. We made the mistake of putting up the window shades, which we won't do again; and with this powered-down mode, we're not generating much internally, and it really did get chilly.
Yes. I guess you'll have to generate your own heat in there for a while.
Deke says unstow the Exer-Genie.
Okay. And I've got a question for you, Joe.
Okay. The - I need to find out if the condensate container that we were going to use to strain some water in on the lunar surface - is that container also completely airtight? Okay to use it to put fluid in through here in zero g?
Fred, I didn't copy what you wanted to use it for. Over. 03 20 59 09 LMP
Fred, Houston. We'll have to stand by for 1 minute. We are in a noisy state of COMM.
Okay. How do you read now, Joe?
Oh, that's much better. Go ahead.
Okay. I was just going to any we haven't had an overboard waste water dump since clear back around the other side of the Moon. About this time, we're running out of the bags we've got on board here.
Okay. I'm - I'm stupid this morning, Fred. I'm not quite sure what you are getting at.
Okay, Joe. We need some place to put the urine.
Okay. It sounds to me as if the suggested receptacle is perfectly satisfactory. Do you think you can use it in its present configuration?
Oh, yes. We got all the innerconnects - hookups we need, but I wasn't sure if that gadget was devised solely with the l/6g environment in mind, and whether it might leak somehow in zero g.
I'll have them verify that, but off the top of my head, I'm sure it's going to be all right. We'll check it, Fred.
Okay. How do you read, Joe?
Aquarius, Houston. Go ahead.
Okay, Fred. Copy that. Thank you.
Aquarius, Houston. Go ahead.
What do you read down there for partial pres- sure CO2?
Oh, let's see. We're reading 6.6 right now, Fred. What do you read?
I'm reading about 12.5. I guess we've got a gage problem ... I did just get a MASTER ALARM and no caution light; we kind of figured that's what it was, with CO2 approaching its limit. Maybe it didn't quite come out here.
Okay. Let me get a go, and I think it's time for us to go ahead and put these other canisters on. Stand by 1.
Okay. We went to 15 on the primary last night before 1 changed it and - - 03 21 24 16 CC Roger that, Fred. We wanted to 03 21 24 18 LMP I don't have a steady - I don't have a steady ECS light on at this time, Joe, so it must have just been a momentary.
Okay. We know when you went to 15 last night on primary. We want to switch out today at 7.6. Let me check and see if we're ready.
Yes. That's what it is, Joe. I've got something going on this alarm ... ECS light.
Fred, Houston. The C0MM isn't too sharp and I didn't copy.
Houston, Aquarius. How do you read?
- - Why don't you try it now? You're loud and clear now, Fred.
Okay. I was just - I'm getting MASTER ALARMS every few seconds and I am catching a glimmer now of the ECS light. For the time being, I have ... - ... open. Okay, now we got the ECS light on steady.
Okay. Yes, that's right. So we want to tape over half of the - both the blue and the red commander hoses. Is that right?
Negative, Fred. That's half of the commander's blue hose and half of the LMP's blue hose - the outlet hoses.
Oh, okay. I'll tape over half of each of the outlets. Stand by.
Okay. I'm going to turn off one suit flow valve at a time while I am doing the taping, Joe.
Okay, while I'm doing the taping, I'll have that particular suit flow valve in the suit DISCONNECT position momentarily.
Okay. Row do you read now, Joe?
Okay, Fred. Reasonable COMM. Are you ready for the next step? Over.
Okay. One correction - the red hose that's connected up right now to the lithium cartridge in the LMP's - Wait a minute.
Okay. Jack's back in here. I guess he can do that. Stand by.
Okay, Fred. Is that done? Over.
No. That's still in works. I just wanted to comment you might pass on to Steve Grega, we thank you a lot for those rendezvous procedures. They went to making up these little boxes.
Okay. We appreciate your appreciating it. We're just having a ball down here working on all kinds of new procedures, Fred. The CPCB is in session, and we expect to have your entry procedures out here by Saturday or Sunday at the very latest.
Why don't you run that other hose back up in the tunnel so Jim can get some air.
Satisfactory, Fred. Go ahead.
Okay. Back to the condensate container. I guess the only question I really need answered is will it leak?
Is will it leak? Oh, yes. Stand by l.
And we've checked all the fittings and I know I can hook everything up to our UCDs. So, if it doesn't leak, we can transfer.
Okay, Fred. We still don't have a final answer on whether or not it'll leak. If you need it, I'd go ahead and use it; and standing by for your completion of the hose-insertion procedure.
Okay. The hose-insertion procedure ... the second cartridge is complete.
Okay. That's complete. The next step is to switch to the primary CO2 canister and remove the secondary canister and stow it. Over.
Okay. I'm going to have to get off COMM here; I'll let Jack get the headset.
Hey, Joe. I'm on the headset now.
Is that secondary? ... secondary?
Okay, Joe. Fred has the secondary cartridge out. We're back on primary now.
Okay. I'm going to tell yon where they are. They're both situated., as you say, with the bottom of the canister exposed to free air, and one is sitting right by the - the LMP's is sitting right by the EPS panel, and the CDR's is up in the tunnel.
Jack, Houston. The COMM got real noisy there, and I didn't copy that. Stand by a moment.
Okay, Joe. How do you read now?
Okay. That's real good. Jack; go ahead.
Okay. The canisters are situated as you - as you would like with the bottom of the canister exposed to free air.
The position of the LMP's canister - The LMP's canister is sitting on the EPS panel now, and the CDR's canister is positioned up in the tunnel.
Both hoses in the - up into the command module?
Oh, you can use your judgment on that. Jack. We'd like at least one, and the recommendation that I got was to put them both up in the tunnel.
Okay, Jack. That sounds satisfactory. The next steps are - are suit-loop configuration steps, and the first one is to - -
- - is to place the SUIT DIVERTER valve to the PULL EGRESS position.
Okay. SUIT DIVERTER valve to PULL EGRESS.
Okay. The next step is CABIN GAS RETURN to EGRESS. Over.
Okay, Jack. Did you copy CABIN GAS RETURN to EGRESS? Over.
No, I didn't get that, Joe. CABIN GAS RETURN to EGRESS.
Okay. Next, SUIT CIRCUIT RELIEF to CLOSE. Over.
SUIT CIRCUIT RELIEF to CLOSE.
Okay. And the last step is select secondary CO2 canister. We'll let it flow through the empty hole, and let's see how we do.
Select secondary CO2 canister.
Better now, Jack. Satisfactory. Did you copy my rationale for the main bus powerup?
That's correct. Jack. Are you ready to copy the procedure?
Okay. As the first step, I have one change to the basic configuration that we gave you, and it's two more circuit breakers that we want open. On panel 225 - Are you ready to write that down? Over.
Yes. I'm all ready, Joe. Go ahead.
Joe, I'm all ready. Go ahead.
Okay. On panel 225, we want the RENDEZVOUS TRANSPONDER FLIGHT BUS circuit breaker open, and the S-BAND I'M TRANSMITTER/DSE FLIGHT BUS circuit breaker open. Over.
Okay. TV RENDEZVOUS TRANSPONDER FLIGHT BUS, open; TV S-BAND TRANSMITTER/DSE FLIGHT BUS open on panel 225.
Okay. That's correct. Jack. And now we'll go into the main bus powerup procedure. And the first step there, is on panel 5. We want the BAT CHARGER BAT A CHARGE circuit breaker closed, and the BAT CHARGER BAT B CHARGE circuit breaker closed. Over.
Okay. That's EAT CHARGER BAT A CHARGE, BAT CHARGER BAT B CHARGE, both closed on panel 5.
That's affirmative. We need them closed to power the switches. Next on panel 5, we want the EPS SENSOR SIGNAL MAIN A and MAIN B circuit breakers closed. Over.
Okay. Panel 5, CB EPS sensor's signals MAIN A and MAIN B closed.
Okay. That's affirmative. We need them closed so that you can read out your volts and amps. Next step, on panel 250, we want circuit breaker BAT A POWER ENTRY and POSTLANDING and BAT B POWER ENTRY and POSTLANDING, closed. Over.
Okay on panel 250, CB BAT A POWER, ENTRY and POSTLANDING, closed; BAT B POWER ENTRY and POST- LANDING, closed.
That's affirmative. And at that point, we'd like you to check the BAT bus voltages on both BAT buses to make sure we don't have any shorts. Over.
Okay. Read the BAT bus voltages on BAT BUS A and BAT BUS B.
That's affirmative. The next step on panel 275: circuit breaker MAIN A, BAT BUS A, closed, and circuit breaker MAIN B, BAT BUS B, closed. Over.
Okay. On 275, circuit breakers MAIN A, BAT BUS A, closed; MAIN B, BAT BUS B, closed.
That's affirmative. The next step on panel 5: we want the MAIN BUS TIE A/C switch to the BAT A/C position, and verify proper voltage on MAIN BUS A, and read the amps on BAT A to make sure we don't have a short. Over.
Okay, Jack; Houston. We're in bad C0MM again; let's wait a minute.
That's better. Jack. Go ahead with your read- back;
Okay. Place MAIN BUS TIE A/C, on, read MAIN BUS A current and voltage.
Okay. That's affirmative. The next step will be the MAIN BUS TIE B/C switch to the on position and read MAIN B voltage and battery B amperage as above. Over.
Okay, MAIN BUS TIE B/C on; read MAIN B voltage and current.
Okay, Jack. We don't want you to close those last two. Those are changes to your basic configuration, and we want to leave them open for now. Over.
Okay. I'll do that. Was the rest of the readback okay?
That's correct. Readback was 100 percent, and we'll wait to hear from you.
Okay. Roger, Jack. Copy that. On panel 382, you've left the Hl0 ACCUMULATOR valves in the OFF position, and we concur.
Okay. And there's one other thing that I don't know whether you're aware of. We have no lithium hydroxide canisters in panel two fif- in - canisters now. So when we get ready to power up, you'll have to remind us when you want us to add some.
Okay, Jack. We copy that. That's correct, and I'll add that to our basic checklist so that we won't forget it.
Okay. Real fine, Joe, and I'm on my way back into the command module.
And, Joe, how do you read Aquarius?
Aquarius, Houston. Pretty good. Go ahead.
Okay. I'm back on the line now, but Jack really ... headed back to the upstairs bedroom.
Hey, Houston; Aquarius. On DOWN VOICE BACKUP S-band, how do you read me?
Aquarius, Houston. Read you now satisfactory.
Okay, Thank you very much, Fred.
Actually, a good deal of that little power pack heats up and ...
Houston, Aquarius. 0.3 22 19 14 CO Aquarius, Houston. Go ahead.
Aquarius, Houston. The C0MM got noisy there, and I want to make sure we get these numbers right, so I'd like to ask you to repeat them ...
Okay. How do you read now, Joe?
Okay; probably okay, Fred. Read it nice and slow so we'll be sure to get it. Over.
Okay, Fred. Copy those numbers and thank you very much. I assume you got them off all right.
That's affirm. We got all the breakers pulled again.
Hey, Houston; Aquarius. Row do you read?
Aquarius, Houston. Go ahead.
Okay. How did our ... configurations appear to be working down there?
I'm sorry, Fred, but we got noisy again there-
Okay. Let me know when you want me to try it.
sounds better already. Go ahead.
Okay. I'd just like to how's - how's our lith-o cartridge setup ... appear to be working down there.
We are reading 0.2 on our C02 sets here, and we're all delighted. It seems to be working fine.
Okay, okay, Joe. That's good. Sounds good.
Okay, Fred. Our procedure-generating mill has generated another very short one for you here. It's a procedure for getting an onboard read-out - -
Okay. The PROPELLANT DISPLAY OVERRIDE circuit breakers are closed. ... the propellant.
Right, Fred. The next step is simply to turn the PROPELLANT TEMP PRESS MONITOR switch to DESCENT 1, read the fuel and OX temps, turn it to DESCENT 2, read the fuel and OX temps; tell us what they are.
Okay. On DESCENT 1, I get a fuel temp of 66.5 degress, OX ... on DESCENT 2, I get ...
Okay, Fred. We're in noisy C0MM here; I got DESCENT 1 fuel 66.5; stand by a second.
Okay. How do you read, now ...?
Okay. You got 66.5 on DESCENT 1 fuel temp, oxidizer temp is 66 degrees.
On DESCENT TANK S, fuel is reading 60 - Okay. DESCENT 2 fuel is reading 68 degrees; oxidizer, 65 degrees.
Okay. Copy that, Fred. Thank you. We'd like you to pull the circuit breaker, and we'll probably come to you again in 5 or 6 hours for another check. 03 22 40 14 LMP Okay. The panel 16 ENGINE ... OVERRIDE is open.
Okay. Thank you very much, Fred. I'll get hack to you if we see anything.
(Music - The Age of Aquarius)
Hey, have you guys got a woman on board?
No way I could handle that.
And, Joe, do you have the ... out for the ...?
I'm not sure I copied that, Fred. If you asked me whether I had that powerup procedure, I don't have it for you, yet. Over.
No. The question was, do you have a ... from the Moon burn.
Still didn't understand, Fred. I'm sorry.
Okay. We'll be able to get better COMM.
Fred, Houston. You want to try it, now?
Okay. Two things: first of all, we noticed a
Gol darn it. Just as you started talking, it got noisy again, Fred; try it again.
Okay. Jack had a question on how far out from the Moon are we now?
Oh. Our little plot shows you just touching the 180-thousand-mile line. So you're about 40 K out from the Moon.
Okay. Okay. And the other thing is, we've noticed some fresh new particles floating around outside, so possibly the service module is starting to vent a little bit again.
Okay. Copy that, Fred. On the 02 flow thing, we clearly saw the DEMAND REGULATOR go to OFF and back to CABIN. TEL MU [?] thinks that it's no big thing that you've seen a little change in flow due to the different resistance we've got in the circuit.
Okay, Fred, Recommend you go to OFF on the BI0MED switch. We never did get any BI0MED and it might clear up the COMM a little bit.
Okay, Fred. That might be a little better.
We're on the 180 - K line, right now.
Okay. I got a copy of the ... K ...
That midcourse should be interesting. You know, the mode we're going to do it in.
Manual AGS ... DPS burn. We're controlling ... TTCA attitude. ...
We can't help them too much. Actually it isn't bad . .. but goddamned unfortunate. In part, I get a feeling ... now when I get ... Just before ... goes to zero in 1 second I'm going to pull them out ...
Another burn that's never been done.
Go to the - Go to the technique for a lash and ... it's the burn technique.
I'm sure they got something written out, maybe ...
... I didn't realize that. That proves you've got a little bit above 50-percent odds that you're going to enter blunt end, and -
... But we're in this wobble.
... pass ... then it'll come back down.
Hey, Aquarius; Houston. How do you read me?
Aquarius, Houston. Okay. Go ahead.
... pressure gage as far as the noise ... get the thing from the AFT.
Okay, Joe, I'm all set to copy that procedure for powering up the command module from the LM, whenever you want to give it to me. When did you, I guess you want to put battery A out of the CHARGE, huh?
(Laughter) Okay. All right. I'll be standing by to copy it whenever you get it.
Joe, I got to switch antennas here. Okay, Joe, I read you on the FORWARD antenna.
Okay. Stand by. I'll tell him, now.
Fred, they said they're looking at the SHe tank pressure rise, and they expect it to blow somewhere around 105 hours ... Okay. Fred thought they did. ...
Okay. Real fine. Are you ready for the procedure, now. Jack?
Yes. Joe, how long is it? Is it a big long one, or a short one, or a medium sized ... about how many pages?
It's about - I'd say 15 to 20 steps. Jack. Some of it is LM stuff, and the rest of it is in CSM.
Okay. I got a fresh page here, and I'm ready to copy.
Okay. I'll give you the LM steps first. They have to be done first, and the first step is on panels 11 and 16, circuit breakers ASCENT CA, ASC ECA, two to close.
Okay. Panels 11 and 16 CBs ASCENT ECA to closed.
Okay. Next step: panels 11 and 16 CB ASCENT ECA CONTROL, two, to close. Over.
Okay. On 11 and 16 CBs ASCENT ECA CONTROLS to close.
Okay. That's correct. The next step is BAT 5 and 6 NORMAL FEED to high; those are switches.
Okay. BATs 5 and 6 NORMAL FEED, ON.
That's correct. Next step: BATs 1 and 3 to OFF slash RESET. Over.
BATs 1 and 3 to OFF slash RESET.
That's correct. Next step: wait 30 minutes for preconditioning.
Okay. That's wait 30 minutes for preconditioning.
That's correct, and the last LM step for now is BATs 2 and 4 to OFF/RESET.
Okay. BATs 2 and 4 to OFF/RESET.
That's correct. Now we'll go to the CSM, and the first step there in connect LM/CSM umbilical. Over.
Okay. The next step, on panel 5, CB LM P0WKR-1 MAIN B [???] and POWER-2 MAIN B, both, closed. Over.
Okay. On panel 5, CB LM POWER-1 MAIN B and 2 MAIN B, both, closed.
That's correct. On panel 5, CB EPS SENSOR SIGN.AL MAIN B to clone. Over.
EPS SENSOR SIGNAL MAIN B closed on panel 5.
That's correct. Next step, panel 250: CB BAT B POWER ENTRY/POSTLANDING; closed. Over.
Okay. On panel 250: CB BAT B POWER ENTRY/ POSTLANDING , closed.
That' s Charlie. Verify MAIN BUS voltage; then, LM POWER switch on panel 2 to CSM. Over.
Okay. That's verify the MAIN BUS voltage, and switch LM POWER to CSM.
Okay. That's correct. Then go back to 275, CB MAIN B BAT BUS B to open. Hey, Jack, that's the step I skipped for you, I'm afraid. Before verifying MAIN BUS voltage, you have to, on panel 275, close CB MAIN B BAT BUS B. Over.
Okay, Joe. How are you reading on the AFT OMNI.
Okay. After putting the BATTERY B POWER ENTRY/ POSTLANDING on, then I want to push the - on panel 275 MAIN B to BAT BUS B in, huh?
That's right. Then you go to verify MAIN BUS voltage, LM POWER to CSM, and then, on panel 275, circuit breaker MAIN B BAT BUS B to open. Over.
Okay. After verifying the MAIN BUS voltage con- necting the LM POWER to CSM I want to pull MAIN B BAT BUS B, or MAIN B to BAT BUS B, open.
That's correct. And then on panel 250, circuit breaker BAT B POWER ENTRY/POSTLANDING to open, and verify MAIN BUS B voltage.
Okay. Panel [???] BAT B POWER/POSTLANDING, open, and then verify the MAIN BUS voltage.
Okay. That's correct. The last steps are to get the LM back on descent batteries. The first step is BATs 1, 2, 3, and 4, HI VOLTAGE, ON. Over.
Okay. Then the next step is a LM step, BATs 1, 2, 3, and 4, HI VOLTAGE, ON.
That's correct, and the last step in the LM, BATs 5 and 6 to OFF. Over.
Say again; you cut out there, Joe.
Okay, Jack. The last step in the LM, BATTERIES 5 and 6 OFF. Over.
Okay. BATs 5 and 6 go OFF..
Okay. And I'll be ready to implement this when- ever you call it up.
Okay. Good deal. We copy that, Fred. And to show you how relaxed we are about the entry, Ken is looking at - giving you guys a chance to - prior to going into entry, PREP to snap a few pictures of the service module.
Yes, he's got all that film up there, and he doesn't want to waste it.
Oh, I thought maybe you'd want me to do a PLSS EVA to go shoot pictures or something.
You're right; we got a lot of pictures.
I guess I agree it surely would be nice to document it someway if we can, but it doesn't look like ...
Yes, we think it'd be a lot of help.
Aquarius, Houston. Go ahead.
Okay. The condensate transfer worked great.
Stand by a minute, Fred. We're in a bad C0MM mode.
Okay. Connect LM/CSM umbilical.
Okay. The waste transfer into the condensate can works real well, Joe.
So, I guess we can keep FIDO happy with no overboard dumps.
Yes, that brings up one more possibility, Joe.
Brings up another possibility. Now that we've got all of that stowed into the bags and the condensate can, we could probably blow all of that through the PLSS ..., I wonder how the sublimator would work on waste water.
It might work if we had to do it, Fred.
Okay, Joe. I don't think there's any question about it from the plumbing standpoint that we could do that if we had to.
Read you pretty good, Fred. Go ahead.
I think our PTC wobble is growing worse. The Earth now is really up to the top of the window. I have to get way down almost to the floorboards to view it. Conversely, the Moon is way down at the bottom of the window.
Far more wobble than I noticed on my previous watch.
Okay. We haven't removed it from its stowage spot. We just left it right in place, and just - he mated the tank at the end of the cable and hooked right into that.
Understand. That's satisfactory and recommended that you leave it in the stowage spot. That should help the situation.
We got a - we got another flow shower going on outside. Particles, seeing them vented against the service module. Jack thinks it may be an H2 vent. ...
Okay. Copy that. What window are you looking at it out of, Fred?
The docking window. Roger that. Somebody just handed me your latest consumables status report, and you're using between 11 to 12 amps an hour real steady, and it looks real good.
Joe, what are you showing for GET now?
I think you wanted the GET, Jack, and the present GET is 96 hours 21 minutes. Over.
And Jack, Houston. For your information, FIDO tells me that we are in the Earth's sphere of influence and we're starting to accelerate.
I thought it was about time we crossed. Thank you.
We're on our way back home.
There's something that puzzles me, Joe. Vance mentioned yesterday that the planned entry is a CMC-guided entry, so I'm kind of curious as how are we going to get the alinement.
Did you say how we're going to get guidance? Over.
No. Row are we going to get a platform alinement?
Okay. We got a number of interesting ideas on that and the latest one I've heard is to power up the LM platform and aline it, and aline the CM platform to it.
Okay. And we're working out detailed procedures on that, Jack.
Okay. We are taking our final look at the mid- course procedures and we have a question as to the present position of one of the switches. The switch is the AGS STATUS switch on panel 6. We'd just like to know where it's at.
Okay, Joe. The AGS STATUS switch is OFF.
Aquarius, Houston. Go ahead.
Okay, Vance. I just heard a little thump, sounded like down in the descent stage, and I saw a new shower of snow flakes come up that looked like they were emitted from down that way. We've already decided though - I wonder what the SUPERCRIT pressure looked like now.
Okay. Understand you saw a thump in the descent stage and a few snow flakes. We'll take a look down here, see if we see anything.
Fred, we don't see anything wrong. For example, your SHe appears to be okay as far as we can see. The thing we don't have data on, is the ... tank down there.
Okay. And I doubt if it would have been that anyway.
Okay. While we have you on the horn - -
Houston, Aquarius. How do you read?
Aquarius, we read you 4 by 4. Go ahead.
Okay. It looks like the PTC is deteriorated enough that ... the docking window of the LM, and...
Aquarius, Houston. We got part of your trans- mission. Understand the PTC has deteriorated quite a bit and you'd like to know what to do about it. Is that affirm?
Negative. How do you read now, Vance?
Okay, Fred. We understand that and one more item for clarification on the water. We don't really know what your usage of potable is. That was purely an estimate assuming a fairly healthy usage.
Aquarius, Houston. Go ahead.
Okay. Jack just took a look through the optics - through one REV, and he said they look good, loud and clear. He doesn't have any current condensate on either the sextant or telescope.
Okay, Fred. Thanks for the info.
Okay. I'm reading you weakly, Fred. Go ahead.
With all this other procedures you've been working on there, I thought I was going to have a new one for you. How to get four gingerbread cubes apart; I think they were stuck together with epoxy.
This is in the food bag? 04 01 36 59 IMP Yes.
That's to stand loads of launch and boost. 04 01 37 07 IMP Roger. Tool B did the trick.
Hey, Fred. John says you can use the dikes on it to get them apart.
Yes, that probably wouldn't have crumbled them as badly.
I generally don't use the subtle approach. You can tell we're feeling pretty good, Vance, when we start complaining about the food.
I think everybody's feeling better down here, too.
Fred, we have you on the Goldstone big dish now, and our C0MM is much better. If you'd like would you turn the BI0MED switch on to either crewman there.
Okay. Stand by. I'll have to plug in first.
Okay, Vance. How do you read on baseband.
We read you just - Stand by.
Okay, Fred. We're receiving your MED data; it was a little slow in coming in.
Houston, Aquarius. Are you calling?
Negative. No call from here.
And, Vance, this is Aquarius.
Go ahead, Fred. 04 02 26 23 IMP Okay. Jim's coming back on the line, and I'll be unhooking on the BIOMEDs, and you want us to go back to the SPA DOWN VOICE BACKUP?
Standby. 04 02 26 48 IMP Okay. Jim doesn't have his BI0MED rigged on right now, so ... DOWN VOICE ...
Okay, Fred. You're too weak on that last. I understand you're disconnecting, and your BIOMED will be off. Say again about Jim, please.
Okay. All I said was Jim doesn't have his BIOMED rigged right now so I'll go back to DOWN VOICE BACKUP SPA and Jim's coming on the line.
Okay. We copy you're in DOWN VOICE BACKUP.
Well, I'm thinking about the last 10 hours. We've lost our suit compressors.
Because we don't want to use the power.
Well, that's what I'm saying. We can use these fans right here and use the circulate air right through the use of those fans.
Good morning, Vance. How's things going down there?
Oh, it's afternoon down there.
Right. We thought maybe it was morning to you.
Well, I've sort of lost track. But I had a good sleep.
Glad to hear it. Doctor just said he wondered how many hours?
Oh, let's say whenever I left Jack, and Fred came up and we ate for about an hour, and then I went to bed, so whatever that time was. It must be about 5 hours, something like that; 4 or 5 hours.
Good. Glad to see you catching up.
Jim, the next time that it's convenient, could you get the readout of the REPRESS package in the command module for us? Over.
When you go back there, Fred, they want the REPRESS package readout.
We don't want to wake anyone up to get it.
It has? ...,was it? ... you get forward to it and a pretty good view of the venting.
And, Houston, Aquarius. It looks like service module venting has ceased, at least momentarily.
Roger. Understand service module venting has ceased momentarily. Row about the descent stage? Does Fred report venting down there? Do you still see that?
What is your report on descent stage venting - Was it venting? Anything else going on? Any more venting?
No. Fred hasn't seen anything else from the descent stage. And I understand that we can expect the - the SHe - tank pressure to build up to relief here about 105 hours.
Roger. A little later than that - like 106 - 107.
Did you get some interior photos?
Okay. I'd like to show them the arrangement of these hydroxide canisters. Do you have?
Did they give Jack any more procedures, on command module powerup? 04 02 37 16 IMP
Did they give Jack any more procedures on com- mand module powerup?
Well, they think it might be up here.
The main thing we got to think about, and when we have to get to them, is the procedures for LM jettison, the transfer of the LM to CSM mode (cough), LM jettison. 04 02 39 23 LMP
All we have to do is turn the BIOMED ... on, and we'll be in there.
We would like permission to turn the BIOMED on to get off the hot mike mode. I don't think that we have to be on it now if you have the big dish on, do you?
Yes. Yaw's coming - or roll's coming up for it, and we were going to burn.
Roger, Jim. We concur. Go ahead and turn it on.
Okay. Understand. Philosophy on the midcourse is doing it prior to venting of the SHe tank, which means we'll be doing this around 105 hours, I suppose, or 105:30 and so I'll have control of the spacecraft if it should give us some perturbation.
Roger. Then, after that, we would establish PTC again.
Our REPRESS package pressure is 820.
Okay. REPRESS pressure 820. Thank you.
Jim, could you switch your BIOMED switch to the position opposite to where it is now? We are getting a subcarrier, but no data. Over.
Now you know, Houston, I don't have BIOMED on.
Okay. And we have a small addition to the pro- cedure that was read up to you earlier, which involves power transfer from the LM to the CSM.
Okay. At the end of the procedure, after the step BAT 5 and 6, OFF, add the following: circuit breakers, panels - panels 11 and 16, ASCENT ECA CONTROL, both open. Over.
Okay. After the step BAT 5 and 6, OFF, step 3 will be circuit breakers panels 11 and 16 ASCENT ECA CONTROL, both open.
That's correct, Jim. And this is to guard against a single-point failure that - a remote possibility that would preclude you from getting the batteries back on.
Okay. We just had a battery warning ... Batery 2.
Stand by, Jim. The COMM's no good here right now.
Houston, Aquarius. How do you read now?
Okay. We just had a battery warning MASTER ALARM, and it looks like it's battery 2.
Roger, Houston - This is Houston. Could you close the POWER AMP circuit breaker, and we'll get some high bit rate?
Okay. And we need high bit rate.
Are you picking it up, Houston?
Roger. And we want tc open the BAL LOAD CROSS TIE on panel l6. Over.
Open the BAL LOAD CROSS TIE breaker on panel 16. Over.
Open BALANCE LOAD CROSS TIE breaker on 16. Roger.
If you're getting high bit data, we could do an OFF/RESET and go back on on battery 2. We're standing by for that.
Okay. Could you turn off battery 2, and leave it off and let us look at it?
Say again. You want us to turn off battery 2, and leave it off until you look at it?
Okay. Battery 2 coming off the line.
Okay, Aquarius. So you want to stay in this configuration for awhile, and let's look at the battery.
Roger. We'll stay in this configuration.
Want to close the BAL LOADS circuit breaker back now.
Houston- We want to close the BAL LOADS circuit breaker on panel l6 now, again.
We have it closed; the closed - BALANCE LOADS circuit breaker is closed.
Aquarius, Houston. Request RANGE FUNCTIONS switch to RANGE ...
All right. RANGE FUNCTIONS switch going to RANGE.
Jim, on battery problem, we have determined that it is not overcurrent or reverse current. We suspect it's over-temp, but don't know for sure, so we're going to watch it for awhile.
Jim, Charlie has some procedures to read up for you here; I think you'll need your activiation checklist, if it's handy.
Aquarius, that's the contingency checklist.
Okay. I'll just - Okay. Stand by, Charlie.
Okay, Charlie. I've got the contingency checklist, and standing by.
Okay, Jim. We'd like you to turn to page - page 24, which is the "30-Minute Activation," and this is going to be a procedure for the midcourse burn that we got coming up at 105 with the AGS up. Over.
Roger. On the midcourse at 105, and I'm on page 24.
Okay; "30-Minute Activation," omit steps 1, 2, and 3; perform step 4, "RCS system A/B-2." Over.
Roger. Omit steps 1, 2, and 3; perform step 4.
Roger. And on the "EPS Activation," same page, perform step 1; and in step 2, perform line num- ber - line number 6, "EPS DISPLAY-CLOSE." Over.
Okay. On "EPS Activation," perform step 1, and perform step 2, line 6 only; is that correct?
That's affirmative, Jim. The rest of the stuff is already closed at this time, so that's all we'll have to do is close the EPS DISPLAY breaker.
All right. Turn to pege 25. On page 25, omit step 3; perform step 4. On step 4, last line, scratch "CB(l6) EPS: INVERTER 2, closed." Over.
Roger. Omit step 3; perform step 4, except for the last line. Circuit breaker 16, EPS INVERTER 2, closed.
Roger. That's correct. On step 5, perform step 5. Under "Primary Glycol Loop Activation," step 1, line 1, "CB(l6) ECS: DISPLAY - CLOSE." That's a crew option; you can have it if you want to. Omit the rest of step l and step 2. Perform step 3. Over.
Okay. On primary glycol loop activation, crew option on step 1, first line; the rest of it we'll omit. Step 2, we'll omit, and we'll do step 3.
That's affirmative, Jim, with the following DELTAS on step 3, and if you'll turn to page 26, I'll give you the DELTAs on the activation circuit breaker list. Over.
Roger. On line 1, correction, row 1, under AC BUS A: TAPE RECORDER should be open; DECA GIMBAL, open. All the other ones as shown on the page. Over.
Okay. On row 1, AC BUS A: TAPE RECORDER and DECA GIMBAL will be open. All the rest as shown.
I don't think we'll need it, Charlie.
Okay; fine, Jim. On row 2, under PCS SYSTEM A: ASCENT FEED 2 and ASCENT FEED 1 should be open. Under FLIGHT DISPLAYS: MISSION TIMER should be open; GASTA, open; ORDEAL, open. Under AC BUS A: GASTA, open. The rest are as shown on the page. Over.
Okay. On row 2, we're going to open up ASCENT FEED 2 and ASCENT FEED 1 under RCS SYSTEM A. We're going to open up the MISSION TIMER, and FLIGHT DISPLAYS: the GASTA and the ORDEAL; and the AC BUS A: the GASTA.
That's affirmative. Okay. Row 3, under PROPELLANT: DESCENT HELIUM REG/VENT should be open. Under HEATERS: RENDEZVOUS RADAR STANDBY, open; LANDING RADAR, open. Under STAB/CONTROL: ATCA (PGNS), open. Under ED and LIGHTING: all four open. Over.
That's affirmative. Okay. Under row 4, under ECS: GLYCOL PUMP AUTO TRANSFER, close. Under C0MM: UP DATA LINK, open; VHF B and VHF A should be open. Under PGNS: LGC/DSKY, open; IMU OPERATE, open. Over.
Okay. Under row 4, the AUTO TRANSFER will be close. UPDATA LINK, open; VHF A and B, open; DSKY, open; and IMU OPERATE, open.
That's affirm. On the last row, the only DELTA is under the CROSS TIE BUS and it should be open. Over.
Okay. Under the last row, under EPS is the only DELTA and that is under the CROSS TIE BUS. It should go open. Over.
Roger. The CROSS TIE BUS should go open.
That's affirm. Going on to page 27, Activation, panel 16. Under RCS SYSTEM Bravo: ASCENT FEED 1, ASCENT FEED 2 should be open. Under PROPULSION: PQGS should be open; ASCENT HELIUM REG, open. Over.
Okay. Line 1, on panel 16, ASCENT FEEDs 1 and 2 will be open. And the PQGS will be open, and the ASCENT HELIUM REG will be open.
That's affirmative. On the next three rows, we only get the nine DELTAs, so I'll go through the next three rows completely and then you can read those back. Under LIGHTING
Roger. That's a good readback. Under that ECS DISPLAY, it shows it closed. If, with it closed, you can have some readout of - onboard readout of your ECS system - draws a lot less than a half amp so it's up to you whether you want it or not. Okay, on page 28.
Roger. Under warning, we'll have ASCENT PRESSURE and LGC; and under caution, we'll have a PRE AMP.
Affirmative. Under "VHF/S-band Activation and Checkout," scratch step 1. Under step 2, change "DOWN VOICE BACKUP" to VOICE." Scratch step 3. Under "PGNS turn on," scratch entire procedure. Under "DAP Set/Gimbal Drive," scratch entire procedure . Over.
Okay. Under "VHF/S-band Activation and Checkout," scratch step 1. Do step 2 with the following change, "DOWN VOICE BACKUP" to "VOICE." Scratch step 3. Scratch the entire remaining events that page. Over.
That's affirmative, Jim. Going on to page 29. We've got - At this point, there's a write-in required. It's about a six or seven liner, and I'll try to go fairly slowly and let you write it down, if you're ready to copy. Over.
Okay. At this point, we'd like you to "Verify RCS heaters in AUTO for 15 minutes."
Is that the first step, Charlie?
Okay. So the first thing will be to - "Go to AUTO on the RCS SYSTEM A and B"?
Roger, "Verify heaters RCS on for 15 minutes."
Okay. Step 2: "BALANCE COUPLE, OFF; DEAD BAND, MINIMUM; ATTITUDE CONTROL: PITCH and ROLL to PULSE; YAW to DIRECT; MODE CONTROL: AGS, ATT HOLD; GUIDANCE CONTROL to AGS; damp rates; pitch and roll with the TTCA, yaw with the ACA with the Earth in the front window." Over.
Okay. "Verify ASA circuit breaker 16 in for 10 minutes"; and, I take it, 10 minutes back in our procedures we'll have a note saying to put that in.
Okay. And one other question, Charlie. I'd like to know if the note you gave me about damping the rates is before the other information on page 29.
Roger. Under "AGS Activation," well, I included that step on the ASA circuit breaker and we'll do step l and 2 under "AGS Activation." But then we'll scratch steps 1, 2, and 3 under "RCS PRESS" and, on page 30, we'll scratch step 4.
Affirm. Under "DPS PRESS," step 1, line l, scratch. Line 4, "DESCENT HELIUM REG 1, talkback barber pole." Under step 2, scratch; step 3, scratch! "LANDING GEAR DEPLOY," scratch. Over.
Okay. Under "DPS PRESS," we'll scratch the first line and we'll have the "DESCENT HELIUM REG, talkback to barber pole." We'll scratch steps 2 and 3, and we'll scratch the "LANDING GEAR DEPLOY."
Roger. Now we got, on the back of page 30, Jim, you've got a blank page in your checklist, or should have, and we'd like to add a procedure to get you to bum attitude. Over.
Okay. A procedure to get the burn attitude.
Okay, Charlie. I'm with you so far.
Okay, Jim. "When in attitude, ACA out of detent to zero error needle. Then set VENT TIMER," and we'll give you a countdown on that when you get to that step. Over.
Okay. "When in attitude, ACA out of detent to null needles, and set DET."
Okay. I figure I have a handle on the attitude, the way the Earth should look in the COAS, and you're going to give me some words on what the Sun would look like in the A0T. Is that right?
Understand scratch the bottom part underneath the diagram because the gimbal is locked.
Okay. Let me see if I have that right, now. You want Jack to sit in the same attitude so that the gimbals are the same place so you don't have trouble controlling attitude. I got it.
Okay. The caution i.i after "400 plus zero": Do not go out of detent on ACA again." Over.
Okay. After the last "400 plus zero," "Do not go out of detent with ACA." Is that correct?
Okay. We'll scratch everything down to "404 plus zero," and we'll perform those four steps.
Okay. At 4 minutes, "ENGINE GIMBAL" will be "OFF"; "MODE CONTROL" will be to "AGS, ATT HOLD"; "PRO- PELLANT QUANTITY MONITOR, DESCENT 1," scratched.
Okay. At 1 minute, "MASTER ARM," we scratch. At 35 seconds, scratch the first two lines. "Manual Ullage" will start at 9 seconds; we're scratching the blocks at 02 seconds; and the line beneath that, at plus 1 second, we "Terminate Ullage."
That's affirm. Picking up at plus 5 seconds; scratch the rest of the page. "TTCA, attitude control; and MASTER ARM, OFF." Over.
Scratch the remainder of the page.
Okay. Now, like to verify that under the 35 seconds, minus 35 seconds, the only thing you have remaining is "ENGINE ARM to DESCENT." Over.
That's affirm. That's the only thing I have.
Okay, "The shutdown is on bum time minus 1 second." Let me give you an example. If we have a 30-second burn, we're going to shut down at 29 seconds. Is that correct?
- - if we had an overburn, we'd be impinging on our command module to try to trim it out, so that's our reasoning there. Over.
Okay. Picking up in the middle of the page, that - a block "CMS resume attitude control," scratch. Scratch the next line; "PRO VERB 96." Scratch the third line; "PROPELLANT QUANTITY MONITOR, OFF." Over.
Okay. We'll scratch the blocks, and we'll scratch the "PRO VERB 96"; then we'll scratch "PROPELLANT QUANTITY MONITOR, OFF."
Roger. Now, at the bottom of that page, I have a procedure for you to reestablish PTC. Over.
To reestablish PTC. Go ahead.
Okay. First line, "ATTITUDE CONTROL, three to PULSE"; line 2, "Roll with the TTCA until attitude is roll, plus or minus 90; pitch, 0; yaw, 0." Over.
Okay. Step 1, "ATTITUDE CONTROL, three to PULSE"; 2, "Roll with the TTCA ... pitch is 0 and yaw is 0," and I think that will be on the AGS ball.
Okay, Charlie. Can you hold up here a second? I lost you.
Start with step 3 again. "When attitude - When at attitude, ACA out of detent."
That's Roger. Next step, step 4: "ATTITUDE CONTROL to YAW" - Correction, "ATTITUDE CONTROL: YAW, to MODE CONTROL." Over.
Okay. Step 4 is "ATTITUDE CONTROL: YAW, to MODE CONTROL."
Roger. Step 5: "When rates are less than 0.05 degrees per second, ATTITUDE CONTROL: YAW, to PULSE."
Okay. "When rates are less than 0.05 degrees per second, ATTITUDE CONTROL: YAW, to PULSE."
Roger. Step 6: "Spin up to 0.3 degree per second in yaw," and that takes about 21 pulses. Step 7 - Yes.
Okay. Step 7: "MODE CONTROL, AGS, OFF."
Okay. Step 6 was "Spin up to 0.3 degrees per second in yaw"; that's about 21 pulses. Step 7 was "MODE CONTROL, AGS, to OFF."
That's affirm. Step 8: "Power down per power" - Correction, "Power down per contingency checklist page Power 5." Over.
Okay. And step 8 is Power down per contingency checklist Power 5," and I take it that's been revamped considering our situation. Okay.
Okay. And 1 guess, Charlie, you have no - Do you have a ATT hold mode in pitch and roll at all in this configuration we're in, or do wo have to use the TTCA?
We feel like we have to use the TTCA. The AGS gains are not too good in pitch and roll in this configuration. It'll hold it in yaw but it won't in pitch and roll. Over.
And you'll have - During the burn, of course, you'll be controlling pitch and roll via the error needles with the TTCA also, and it's the little scheme that we've practiced in some of the SIMs. Over.
And, Houston, want to make sure that we allow enough time to get to the proper attitude for the burn so that we can be sure we establish the proper attitude and don't have to rush the burn.
Roger, Jim. We - we're looking right now, tentatively, at starting this about 45 minutes before the burn and our sensitivity is - not too bad on this burn. We can go 30 minutes either way and not affect our DELTA-V. Over.
Okay. Fine. And do you have a handle on just how long the burn will be? In time?
It's looking like at about 7.8 seconds and about 15 - Correction, 7.8 feet per second and about 15 seconds. Over.
And one other point is that we'd like to remind you that this is going to be in blowdown and both REGs B closed but we've got plenty at the 10 percent.
And, Jim, in the simulator with our configuration that we had here, the thing is real stable at lO percent, so we don't think you'll have to tweak very much at all using the TTCAs. Over.
And I'll give you back to Vance. Thank you.
Okay. Concerning number 2 battery, you think it might be a sensor failure because you haven't seen any changes, and you're going to put the battery back on the line in about 10 minutes.
Roger; copy. Understand you can see the stars pretty well. Were you, at that time, in an attitude facing away from the Sun? I presume this is very attitude critical.
Yes. It is somewhat, Vance. If we have the Sun shining off the quads, it sort of ruins our vision; and also, if the Earth or the Moon are in the general field of view, we can't see anything.
Jim, we're ready to put that battery back on the line. Request you open the CROSS TIE BAL LOAD circuit breaker, panel 16, and then put back - BAT 2 back on the line.
Okay. First of all, we'll open the BALANCE CROSS TIE breaker on panel 16.
Okay. The CROSS TIE BALANCE LOAD circuit breakers is in now, Vance. Now you want us to put battery S back on. Is that affirm?
Did you say it was in, or did you pull it out?
No. It's in; do you want it out?
That's affirm. We'd like it out, and then BAT 2 on the line.
Okay. Corning up. BAT 2 is on the line. We have a MASTER ALARM and a BATTERY light.
Copy. And - and we think that's probably an in- dication of the sensor problem, but stand by.
Jim, it looks to us like your battery is good, that this is in fact a sensor problem; therefore, request you close the CROSS TIE BAL LOADs on - circuit breaker on panel 16. Advise - -
- - advise that you will not have any malfunction indication on any of your batteries now, but we can watch it from the ground. Over.
Okay. We'll close the CROSS TIE BALANCE LOAD circuit breaker at this time.
That's closed, and we don't have any warning on any of the batteries, but you can monitor from the ground.
And, Jim, we have a lengthy procedure here for powering up the CSM and turning on instrumentation so we can check the TM, and this will take a large piece of scratch paper whenever you're ready to copy.
This is to power up the CSM?
Okay. I'll tell you what, I'll have Jack get configured. He can copy that down and I'll have him - we'll get the stuff. Stand by.
Okay, Vance, how do you read the Aquarius?
Okay, read you loud and clear, Aquarius. Is it cool in there now?
Okay. Yes, it's pretty cool. This is the third officer on this LM crew here. Ready to copy.
Okay. Jack, this is a lengthy procedure, take probably two or three pages. It assumes that you are in your nominal configuration, which was sent up - or in your day-flying configuration, which was sent up to you earlier today.
Okay, Vance. Are you with me?
Roger. Why don't you read that group back, and then we'll proceed on.
Okay. That's all correct. Is that reading rate okay for you?
Okay, and leave a little space if you can to the right of these because when we talk about the backup procedure, why then we can just use the same listing, and I'll - I'll tell you open instead of close these circuit breakers, or at least most of them. Over.
Okay. Next, panel 3: TRANSPONDER, PRIMARY; POWER AMPL, to PRIMARY, that's a verify; POWER AMPL, HIGH; MODE, VOICE, to OFF; POWER, SUE, to NORMAL; PMP to NORMAL; S-RAND ANTENNA, OMNI D, that's Delta. Okay, why don't you read that one back ?
Okay. On panel 3: TRANSPONDER to PRIMARY; POWER AMPLIFIER to PRIMARY; POWER AMPL, HIGH; MODE, VOICE, to OFF; POWER, SCE, to NORMAL; IMP to NORMAL; S-BAND ANTENNA, OMNI D, D as in Doggy.
Hey, very good. Okay, panel 225: circuit breaker FLIGHT BUS, MAIN B, to close; circuit breaker CTE, MAIN B, to close. Panel 250: CB BAT C BAT CHARGER/EDS 2 to close.
Hey, Vance, just a minute. Slow down, would you?
Okay. I got distracted here. On panel 225: CB FLIGHT BUS, MAIN B, close; and then I lost you after that.
Okay. Let me give you all of panel 225 again. CB FLIGHT BUS, MAIN B, close; CB CTE, MAIN B, close. On panel 250: CB BAT - B BAT CHARGE, that should be BAT C, Charlie, isn't it? BAT CHARGE/EDS2 closed?
Okay. That should be BAT Charlie.
Let me finish. Okay. That's what I thought. BAT Charlie BAT CHARGE/EDS2, close; BAT Baker POWER ENTRY/POSTLANDING, closed. On panel 275: CB MAIN B, BAT BUS B, closed; CB INVERTER POWER 2, MAIN B, closed.
Okay. That's correct except for the second circuit breaker on panel 250, which is CB BAT Charlie POWER ENTRY slash POSTLANDING, close.
Okay. BAT Charlie POWER ENTRY/POSTLANDING.
Okay, Vance. The following steps are sequence critical. Panel 250: CB BAT B POWER ENTRY/ POSTLANDING, closed. That's BAT Baker. MDC 3, AC INVERTER 2, to MAIN B; AC INVERTER 2, ACl, on. ...
Okay, Vance. Did you - how far did you - did you copy any of my steps there?
Okay, I heard you through AC INVERTER 2, AC BUS 1 to on, and you were cut out by noise. Go ahead.
Okay, Now comes to one I didn't understand. You said go over to MDC 5 and A in - AC INVERTER, AC BUS 1, RESET, then center, and then back to MDC 3; UP TELEMETRY, COMMAND RESET then OFF, and then select best OMNI.
Roger. The readback's correct, but let me recheck that. Stand by.
Jack, we were incorrect on panel 5; that should have been panel 3.
Okay, that's good. I got it.
Okay. You want me to read out on MDC 3: BAT B voltage, PYRO A voltage, PYRO B voltage, SPS HELIUM PRESSURE. On panel 101: command module RCS injector temperatures; 5 Charlie, 5 Dog, 6 Alfa, 6 Baker, 6 Charlie, 6 Dog. The battery manifold pressure, 4 Alfa.
Okay. Now - that was correct but I want to re- check the very first one, that was BAT Charlie voltage. Is that what you read back?
Okay. Okay, BAT Charlie voltage. Seems like we're having a difference - I can't understand BAT Charlie from BAT Dog.
Okay. Now, that - that complete procedure for getting into it, as far as getting into it's concerned. What I will give you now is how to back out of it after you're through with your readings. Are you ready to copy?
Okay. Now you'll back out fairly quickly after you go into this procedure. All we'll need is about 5 minutes of TM, and so if you're ready to copy, here it comes.
Panel 3: POWER AMPL to OFF. incidentally, copy this down on a piece of scratch paper as I read it, and then later I'll refer back to your first list where you can write things in the right- hand margin.
Go ahead. You want - Repeat the one on panel 3 again, Vance.
TRANSPONDER, OFF. AC INVERTER, 2, to OFF. Okay. Next, panel 250: CB BAT Bravo, POWER ENTRY/ POSTLANDING to open. Stand by 1.
That's affirm, but - just for kicks, let's go through these panels again, and I'll give you the - the position, just to make sure there can be no doubt.
Okay. Panel 4: TELCOMM, GROUP 1 will go OFF. Panel 5: all the circuit breakers that we closed will go back to open.
Okay, Vance. I'm going to have to switch OMNIs. I'm starting to get some static here.
Okay. How do you read on AFT OMNI?
Okay. On panel 3: the first three steps we took care of; MODE, VOICE, to VOICE; POWER, SCE, OFF; POWER PMP to OFF; and S-BAND OMNI would go back to Bravo. Panel 225: FLIGHT BUS, MAIN B, will go open, and CB CTE, MAIN B, will go open.
That's correct. Jack. Okay, that's it. And I think we're about ready to go with this procedure whenever you are.
Okay. First we got to go through that procedure to power the CSM from the LM, is that Charlie?
No. No, this is independent of power from the LM. This is a - this is purely a CSM - -
This is purely a CSM powerup so we can take a look at your telemetry and see how cold the vehicle is and that sort of thing.
Okay, now I won't - I won't have any voice with you, so - Is that right? You don't want me to get connected up - you want me to just take these readings and come back and tell you what I have, huh?
That's affirm. There'll be no voice. And - -
I - we presum, though, that there'll be somebody in the LM that we can call if we have to get, word to you.
Oh, yes. There'll be somebody to be standing by, they'll run up into the bedroom and tell me to stop what I'm doing.
Okay, and let us know when you start.
Okay. I'm going to start right now, Vance.
Okay, Houston; Aquarius. Switching watches, and Jack's going up into the command module.
Okay, Jim. We have four steps here to give you to request that you get back on DOWN VOICE BACKUP, if you're ready to copy?
Okay. Bit rate to L0 bit rate. VOICE, FUNCTION switch to DOWN VOICE BACKUP. POWER AMPs CB, open; RANGE FUNCTION switch in RANGING; that's verify.
Okay. Bit rate, LO; VOICE FUNCTION, DOWN VOICE BACKUP; POWER AMP S-BAND, open; and RANGE FUNCTION to RANGE; and that's a verify. And I still have the BIOMED on RIGHT here, so we don't have hot mike.
And, you want that in work, now?
Okay. Houston, Aquarius. How do you read?
Okay. I have a question for you, Houston, if you have time.
Okay. I'll give it the old college try.
Okay. And if you can't attain that, why, of course, just the best you can do. We'll have to give it a try. Maybe it won't be quite like the simulator.
Okay, Vance. I've gone all the way through your procedure - all the way down to "Select best OMNIs," but I'm not getting any MAIN BUS B voltage and this I don't understand.
I can read - I can read BAT - BAT BUS B voltage at 36.5. ...
Okay, Jack. Do you read now?
Okay. You faded out due to noise in the orientation. If you close the POWER AMP circuit breaker, we can hear you better. Over.
Okay. You faded out at the very beginning, so please go through that again. We understand you don't get anything on MAIN B.
Okay, Vance. How are you reading now?
Okay. We're hearing you better. Stand by 1.
Okay, Jack. Please, repeat back now your conversation. You were cut out for - a while ago.
Okay, Jack. There are two - There's a switch and a circuit breaker that were positioned this morning that we'd like to have you check - Correction, just the switch. Panel 5, check your bus tie. MAIN BUS TIE BAT B/C on.
That is verified on. I checked that.
Okay, Jack; this is Houston. Over.
Okay. We're getting data from you. Jack, so that much looks good. On panel 5, request verification that EPS SENSOR SIGNAL circuit breaker is MAIN B. Over.
- - Stand by. - - 04 05 55 50 CC that MAIN B is closed.
Okay, Jack. And, we see your MAIN BUS B voltage at 28-1/2.
Okay. You can see it. Good. Okay then. Okay, Vance. That circuit breaker is in.
Well, Vance, if you're getting data from them, let me go back up there and finish the ...
Okay, Jack. Please repeat, you're cutting out-
Okay, Vance. Okay. We just changed OMNIs here. I say, if you're getting data from us, that's the important thing. Let me go back up into the bedroom there and get the readings you wanted, so we can get this stuff powered down. Is that okay?
Okay, Vance. We'll go back up - We've got voltage now, and we'll go back up and take the readings that you want.
Okay. I'm going back up into the bedroom, Vance. How do you read?
Okay. I'm going back up to the bedroom. We'll select best OMNI and continue on with the procedure.
Okay, Vance. Jim's up. How do you read?
Reading you loud and clear, Jim.
And, Houston, I noticed through the AOT and
And, Houston, I noticed through the AOT and through the overhead docking window that we are venting again.
Okay, Jim. Understand; the service module is venting.
Jim, would you holler into the bedroom and tell Jack that when he has his onboard readouts that we wish he'd back - use the backout procedure and shut down again - per the procedure we gave him.
Roger. As soon as he - As soon as he gets his onboard readouts to use the powerdown procedure and shut down. Is that right?
Okay. Jack just - Jack just told me that he's through, and he's going to go through the backout procedures again, the first one he's got is the shutdown.
Jack's ready to give you the readings if you are ready to copy them.
Okay, Vance. The readings that you wanted; are you ready?
Okay, Jack- We got it. Thank you very much-
Okay. How does the telemetry look on our - on the old Odyssey?
It doesn't look too cold. Looks pretty good.
I'll tell you, Deke, it's cold up in there. I don't know whether we'll be able to sleep up tonight; it must be about 35 or 40 degrees.
Roger. That's just what I was worrying about.
Right now, we're getting two sets of CWGs on.
It's not uncomfortable at all in Aquarius, but it definitely is cold in Odyssey.
Okay, Vance. Jim's back on.
We just had a change in watch; that's all.
Jim, two items: in the command module, we wish to verify that the PYRO BATTERY selector was left in the main position. And we're ready to have the POWER AMP circuit breaker on panel 16 pulled, whenever you are ready.
Okay, Vance. Fred just tells me that he put it there, and we're checking that again about the PYRO BATTERY selector in the main position.
Okay. Understand that you are checking it.
And I will pull the POWER AMP circuit breaker.
How does number 2 battery look to you now?
Jim, it looks like it was probably a sensor problem; the battery number 2 is load-sharing well. And we see no indications of higher temperatures in the glycol loop or anything that would make us think that it is heating up.
Jim, the situation is that, at the moment, we're a little bit shallow, and retrograde midcourse is going to put us more in the center of the corridor. Over.
Roger. And, I guess it follows, but your perigee is a little bit high right now, too; so that will be bringing it back - back down, that is.
Yes. Yes, that's the important thing.
One other question, Jim. Our readings down here say your LM cabin's about as cold as the command module cabin. Is that right?
Well, we really don't know. There's usually two people in the LM cabin, and it's a lot - It seems to be a lot more compact, and so we don't notice the coldness down here as we do in the command module.
Some time ago, I copied down a long C0MM midcourse-7 corridor control burn at a GET of 134:59:42.98. Is that burn pad still valid?
Jim, that's affirm. That pad is still valid.
And that is assuming no midcourse 7 here at 105 hours.
Jim, we're setting up your burn for 105:30, and we'll be working up a pad, et cetera, based on that time. Over.
Roger. The time will 105:30.
And, additional point; I guess this one's for Jack. Do we have any idea why we couldn't read the MAIN BUS E voltage a while back when first he didn't get it and then later he did?
Yes. I think we have a reason for that. Stand by.
It appears, Vance, that the battery charge circuit breaker which appeared to be in, wasn't in. Fred pulled it and reset it, and then he started getting readings.
Roger. Which circuit breaker was that?
It was - It was the battery charge circuit breaker that allows you to read volts, but we haven't - don t know the exact name for it yet.
The name is BATTERY CHARGER BAT B CHARGE Jack tells me.
Okay. BATTERY CHARGER BAT B CHARGE.
Have you opened your - just curiosity - Have you opened your food locker just aft of the LM data file? Over.
Okay. Just cheeking. Thanks.
Jim, we habe some CSM temperatures here for you that might be of interest, if you're ready to 04 07 03 56 CDR. Roger. Go ahead.
And, Houston, how do you read Aquarius?
Read you loud and clear, Fred. How do you read?
Roger. We were just about to send you up some items of information pertaining to the burn. Are you ready to copy?
Yes, the - and unfortunately, the way we're looking out the window through the COAS, we can aline the yaw and roll pretty well, but it's the - Sun that has to get us pitch.
Right. And - and a correction on this DEDA 470 thing. Request that we let you - Give you a GO before you trim. Over.
Say - Say again, Vance, on that last.
Roger. We would like to see address 470, and give you a GO before you trim. Over.
Oh, okay. I - I see. Okay. After burn, we'll leave 470 up a while and wait for your word to do the trim.
That's correct. How was the sleep?
Okay. Vance, are you there?
And that in essence - that in - Yes, that in essence would put our X-axis pointing toward the Sun.
That's correct. The plus X-axis pointing toward the Sun and perpendicular to the terminator of the Earth.
Okay. The latter was a good point. We had it in FULL HOT.
And Roger on the - Roger on the rates, too.
Okay, Vance. Is the Tig time going to be approximately - Is it 105 or 105:30?
Okay. Your 104:30 time to start in is - sounds pretty good. That'll give us lots of time to get set up with the attitude business, in case we have any trouble stopping PTC and getting there and - That will give us a little time to be sitting and waiting, all set up.
Right, Fred. We just noticed a 2-pound drop in your water quantity. Have you guys had a drink recently or do you know any reason why it might have dropped? Over.
All right. Go ahead, Vance.
Fred, that may be a funny in the data. The rate's gone back to normal; and we'll keep an eye on it, but we don't think you should worry about it too much.
Are we going to get any sort of a pad on this?
That's affirm, Fred. Estimating we'll have it to you in about 15 minutes.
And, Houston, you might just let us know if there's any chance it's going to slip further- down the road, because we're going to kind of hold to that 104:30 start time. And if you're going to delay any, we'll delay accordingly.
Roger. We won't have any trouble making that, Fred, I'm told.
Roger. We have about 104 degrees now. How does that ...?
Okay. FIDO's hustling here. We'll try to get it right up to you. Stand by. 04 08 32 10 CDR
Vance, we have the quad heaters on, now.
Roger. Copy, Jim. And the - Jack's going to read you the pad right now, so I recommend you go ahead and get started. You shouldn't be delayed by the pad at all.
Aquarius, Houston. I've got your burn pad.
Roger, Houston. Stand by. Are you ready - Stand by to copy. Okay. Ready to copy.
Okay, Jack. We've got a DPS midcourse 5: NOUN 33, 105:30:00.00; NOUN 8l, N/A; H^ N/A; plus 0019.8, 0007.8, burn time 0.15, the rest of the pad, N/A. Shut down manually at 14 seconds, ullage four jets for 10 seconds, and the entire burn is at 10-percent throttle.
Okay, Fred. I want to verify that your DELTA-Vr is 0007.8. ^
Okay. I read you back 0007.8.
Okay. Good readback. You got it.
Aquarius, Houston, I have some additional entry data that goes with the pad 1 just read up. It's five items. Let me know when you're ready to copy. It's on a maneuver pad.
Okay. I'll try to squeeze them in there. Jack. I'm rapidly running out of pads.
Okay. It's N/A all the way down to NOUN 61. Your latitude is minus 21 - -
Hold on a minute; hold on. You need the - Hold on. Jack, I need the other pad book, that CSM pad.
Okay. NOUN 61: latitude, minus 21.67, minus 165.37, 1163.1, 36292, 142:41.02. Read back.
Okay. NOUN 61; minus 21.67, minus 165.37. 1163.1, 36292, 142:41.02.
And you should have high bit rate now. Jack.
Okay, Fred. We're getting it now.
Did you have readouts on our quad temps to know when we can start? We're taking a time hack. We'd just like a verification with you.
Roger. Your quad temps look good from here.
Okay, Houston; Aquarius. We're going to stop PTC at this time.
Okay, Jack- How do you read now?
Okay. I thought you called. Jack. We're maneuvering around here to fish for the Earth.
And, Houston, Aquarius. How's the ASA package temp look now?
Okay, Fred. The ASA package temp is looking good. It's around 98 degrees, and we'd like to see it go up about 15 to 20 degrees.
Okay. Why don't you give me the word before I proceed with the AGS. We really don't need it right this instant.
Roger. We'll be watching it.
Aquarius, Houston. The ASA package temp is up now so you can activate the AGS.
Okay, Jack. So we can make sure and get our timer set here, I wondered when your - you've got about 48 minutes to the burn which should be coming up pretty quick - you'd give us a hack so we could set our event timer at 12.
Roger, Fred. I understand you want a mark at 12 minutes prior to the burn. Is that affirm?
Roger. We think we got it set now. We just wanted to cheek it. If we don't, then I'll set it to 13, and you can give me another hack at 47 to go.
Roger. It was reading 33 on my mark. Right?
Okay. You got about 105:03 GET now down there?
That's affirmative, Fred. Going through 105:03:45.
Okay, Jack. Give me the next number you want me to set then, and I'll take another hack here.
Roger. You're counting up, right?
Okay, Fred. On my mark, be 35 minutes to the burn.
We missed her, Fred. Let's get it on the next minute.
Okay, Aquarius. On my mark, it's going to be 34 minutes to the burn, and you'll be reading 36. Stand by.
Okay. We got it cranked up.
Okay, Houston. We have our attitude set.
I hope the guys in the back room who thought this up right knew what they were saying.
And I'm looking through the AOT there, Jack, and the Sun's right in the top and it's about maybe 2 degrees to the right of the cursor. So that looks real good..
Okay, Aquarius. The attitude looks good here and your choice when you want to start the burn.
We're counting down, aren't we, or do you want us to start any time?
It's not time critical, Jim.
And, Houston, we reset our clock and we're making the burn in about - I'll give you a hack here at 2 minutes to go.
Roger, Fred. And let us know when you're going to ullage, will you?
Three minutes to go. Correction, 2 minutes to go. Jack.
Roger. Two minutes. We got it.
Aquarius, Houston. Check engine gimbal off, please.
It's verified to off. And - 04 09 17 28 IMP MARK it.
Okay. You're looking at 470.
Roger. 7.4 and I had about 0.2 showing, I guess, when we started.
Roger. We verify that. Okay, Aquarius. Trim it to 7.6.
Okay. You want plus-X now to get 7.6. Is that correct?
Okay. You're looking at it, Houston.
Okay. Looks good. Nice work.
Okay, Aquarius. We're ready to follow you through on setting up PTC and powerdown. Your choice. 04 09 20 30 IMP Okay. We're pressing into getting PTC established right now.
Aquarius, Houston. We'd like to change the num- ber of yaw pulses we gave you before as 21. We'd like to reduce that to 12. Twelve pulses yaw right, and that'll take you about 3 seconds to get them in if you don't want to count them.
Okay. We'll make it 12 versus 21.
Okay, Houston. I'm just about there now and as soon as I get 90, we'll start damping rates.
Okay, Houston. I'm trying to damp rates now. We're at the proper roll attitude and pitch.
Working a little bit better this time.
Are you copying any attitudes down there, rates, et cetera?
Okay, Aquarius. We're seeing some extremely low rates at this time, really below our capability to measure them.
Houston, I think I've got pitch and roll just about squared away. I let yaw just slightly drift; it's drifting in a clockwise direction and I'm about all set now to put in my 12 clicks to the right.
Roger, Jim. Ready to look at it with you.
Okay, Jack. Are we clear now to proceed with the powerdown?
That's affirmative, Fred. We're ready to press on with powerdown. I've got two changes for you. Step 1 of the emergency powerdown on page power - 5. Over.
Okay. Leave your POWER AMPLIFIER switch in PRIMARY vice OFF and put your RANGING switch to RANGE, vice OFF/RESET.
Okay. We're in PRIM in the POWER AMP and RANGING on RANGING.
Okay. I'm going to pull. Well, here, let's just look at the checklist. 04 09 39 14 IMP Okay. Configure CBs. There you go.
Aquarius, Houston, hold off 1 on powerdown, please. 04 09 39 23 IMP Okay. We'll hold off. And we're looking at a SHe pressure, incidentally, of about 1830 now.
Roger. We concur with that. And it looks like you got a little pitch rate going on here. Do you copy the same?
Okay. My pitch needle is just slightly up now. I could try to take it out if you want me to.
Not - Wait, wait. There you go.
Just hold off on it 1, Jim. We'd like to take a look at it.
Aquarius, we'll need high bit rate, please.
Flashlight, Jack. Jack, flashlight over here a minute.
Aquarius, we need the POWER AMPLIFIER back in high bit rate, please. 04 09 40 37 IMP You got it.
You got a couple in the roll pretty soon.
You have another set of them by the PGNS.
Now we got to turn on the heaters you want to save -
What's that flitting out there in the breeze? Are we venting again? Take a look, Jack.
Well, once we get squared away, Joe, I think I am going to have to go to the space center and take a good healthy one and leave just about everything. I've held up long enough.
That's coming from above. Another one just - is just coming down right over here- Well, there's the old terminator at Fra Mauro. We'd been landing about 2 hours ago, huh? Right on the - -
- - to the right of the terminator.
Just for information, although l thought I'd never have to use it, that technique looked like it was a pretty good one.
Roger, Jim. And we'd like you to give us your idea of how the PTC looks- We're not sure we're seeing what we ought to here.
Okay. I still have my ball powered up and I'm coming around past 270 right now. I've got a slight roll and pitch offset in there. My pitch needle about halfway up and my roll needle is about 4 degrees over now.
Okay, Jim. With that info we'll go on PTC, and let's proceed with the powerdown.
Okay. We'll proceed with the PTC and proceed with the powerdown. I guess if we have to we can reestablish PTC at a later date. Okay. Okay.
My what? My what? Oh, yes. Go ahead.
Okay. The four INVERTERS of this AC BUS volt, Fred.
Okay. Let's - give the last thing to Jack and I'll keep it all out. Okay? RCS SYSTEM A. That's in. TCAs are going off- Why do they need the ISOL valves in the ASCENT FEED in?
You're not sucking any power unless you take these switches and move them.
How come we pulled them out, then, in this burn?
Because you didn't want them to get moved inadvertently, I guess. It doesn't matter, Jim, they can be out or in in terms of powerdown. They just don't count.
Yes. Okay. Third row. Attitude DIRECT CONTROL I still have in.
Jack, how do you read now in baseband?
Reading you 5-square, Fred. How me?
Okay. I'll stay this mode, if it's all right, so we won't be hot miksd.
Aquarius, Houston. You're cleared to open the POWER AMPLIFIER circuit breaker and go to LOW BIT RATE, leaving the POWER AMP switch in PRIMARY.
Okay. I'll pull the prime S-BAND POWER AMP breaker and go LOW BIT RATE.
About how far out are we now. Jack?
Okay, Aquarius. You're 150 000 miles and you're coming in at 4500 feet a second. That's from the Earth.
Okay, we're at 100 - Yes. 150 K, 4500 feet a second.
And, Aquarius, how much TTCA control did you have to do in the burn?
How much - What was that. Jack?
How much control of the TTCA did you have to do during the burn?
I wasn't noticing Jim too much. I'd say I put in maybe about six or seven inputs. I don't think it ever got off more than a couple of needle widths.
I think it's probably the same for Jim. I wasn't noticing his input but the - his needle was hanging in there pretty good.
Aquarius, Houston. Now do you read?
I read you loud and clear. Jack.
Okay, Jack. What's your status, who's sleeping, and who's working?
Well, right now we're all three kind of working. Do you have any recommendations?
Yes, looks like to us from here that you and Fred ought to get some sleep, and that you ought to eat in about 6 hours. And that the Skipper ought to go to bed about 113 hours.
Okay. That's good news. We were wondering about that. And I'll relay all the other information you gave me.
Okay. And if the SHe tank does burst during this time frame before we get trajectory info, why, that will delay our trajectory info somewhat. Your consumables, your water is now good through 152 hours.
Jack, wait a minute. Let me copy some of this down.
Okay. We're predicting that you still have more water than you need. And one thing we'd like for you to do is when you're going to sleep up there in the command module take a look through the optics and see if you can see any stars.
We expect that your water rate is going to drop off and at the time, DELTA will go up to 160 - 165 hours quite shortly. Another thing we're interested in is what's your status on rest and medication.
Okay. None of us, I know of, had any medications, and right now as far as rest, I suppose we're no tireder than normally in this situation. I'm going to relay the work-sleep cycle.
Okay. And don't forget to look through the optics when you go up in the command module.
(Laughter) Okay. I'll do that.
Jack, as luck would have it, we just now started to vent a little from the command module ...
Aquarius, Houston. Sorry about that but there's too much background noise to read you. I think we'll have to wait until you come up on a new antenna. Over.
Okay, Aquarius. Go ahead now. I think I can hear you.
Okay. Okay, Jack. I was going to say, as luck would have it, the command module picked this time to start venting again, so I probably won't be able to get a good hack out of stars out of the telescope.
Okay. Thank you. And if you can think of it, when the time comes up, when you're not venting, how about remembering to take a look through them and give us a word?
Aquarius, Houston. Did you call?
Yes, Jack. I just got a question. How long are you predicting our command module canisters to last in here?
Okay, Jack. We've got 14 cartridges that'll last 157 hours, plus we've got the LM primary cartridge with 23 hours, and we've got two PLSS cartridges with 7 hours apiece.
Okay. I was just curious as to how much time we've got out of these two cartridges.
Stand by 1. I'll get a prediction on that. By the way, I hope you're keeping track of the ones you've used and the ones you've not.
Yes, right now, we have numbers 7 and 8 in the LM here.
They were two brand new fresh ones.
And, Aquarius, how's your PTC holding up?
Well, we got a little bit off Jack. The - It starts high in the LMP's window and goes low in the CDR window.
So we've got a little bit of a wobble on it. Of course, the command nodule venting doesn't help, either.
Okay. Thank you. Jack. Copying that.
Aquarius, Houston. We'd like to get a little better idea of how PTC is going. So, what we'd like for you to do is what we did last time. That is to give us a reading on the center of the Earth and the center of the Moon on the - LPD.
On the LPD. Okay, It's shifted. Let's see, the Moon's gone by and the Earth didn't come into the LPD last time.
Okay. But when it goes by the plane of the LPD, tell us where it was. Okay?
Okay, Jack. This pass, the Earth came into view at the top left-hand corner of the LMP's window
Okay Jack. This pass, the Earth came into view at the top left-hand corner of the LMP's window and was going down. However, when it passed it wasn't as high up as the last pass. It did pass into view at the CDR window, but too high up to get an LPD reading.
Roger. Understand it went high in both windows then.
Yes, last time it wasn't even visible in the CDR's window; this time it was visible if you squatted down, but too high up to get an LPD reading.
Okay, Jack. That's good. Thank you.
Okay. The moon came into view at the middle of the LMP's window, passed through the CDR's window at an LPD of 5 degrees.
Okay, Jack. On this pass, the Earth came into the view at the top part of the LMP's window, and we got an LPD angle on it as it passed through the CDR' s window of a minus 4 degrees. 04 ll 36 16 CC Okay. A minus 4. Thank you. Jack
It's - it's above the - Okay. Are you familiar with the minus 4 being halfway through the sky part, huh?
Okay. On this pass, the Moon came into view at the top part of the LMP's window, came across higher. Jim estimates the LPD angle at a minus 15 degrees.
Okay. A minus 15 on the moon, and sounds like it's set up pretty well.
Everybody's happy with it down there?
Aquarius, it's a little too early to tell exactly how the PTC is going. We'd like to get a few more points, so keep reading them off, and we're still looking for that SUPERCRIT to go anytime.
The Earth was just fairly high in the LMP's window and across the lh-degree LPD line.
Okay, Skipper; l4 degrees. Thank you.
The Moon went by the IPD at 6 degrees, plus 6 degrees.
Okay. Barth at plus 6. Thank you.
The Moon passed by at a minus 8 degrees on the LPD. No, that's the Earth. The Earth passed by at a minus 8 degrees.
Okay. The Moon went by at a minus 8 degrees.
Okay, Jim. We got it. The Earth went by at a minus 8 degrees. On a basis of the data - -
On the basis of the data we have so far, your entry angle is 5.99. The block data we gave you on the pad for a no-COMM midcourse-7 last night is no longer valid because we made this midcourse.
Okay. Understand, the no-COMM pad is no longer valid because of the midcourse. Entry angle based on the last 2 hours' tracking is 5.99, and I take it you're going to keep tracking for some time now to see whether we need another midcourse or not.
Are you planning any no-COMM midcourse at 133 and change anyway right now, or are you going to wait?
We're discussing that now, Jim, and it looks like we're going to wait on the tracking. For the time being, since you're in the corridor, why, there's no need to pass it up. But we're going to keep looking at the tracking, and we'll probably come up with one.
All right. I'm not too sure what the venting is going to do to us so - when this SHe tank ruptures, what it's going to do for us.
Roger. We don't presently expect the SHe tank to have any effect on your trajectory, and the pressure's up to 1921 now.
Hey, it's going a lot better than we ever expected. What a way to get a data point.
And, Jack, just think. You thought you we'-e going to sleep through all your watches.
I said, you thought you were going to sleep through all you watches.
Well, you keep waking me up.
Aquarius, Houston. You notice anything?
Yes, Jack. I was just about ready to call you. Underneath quad 4, I noticed a lot of sparklies going out.
Can you hear or feel anything?
No, I sure can't, but I think it changed our - it changed out PTC. Let me check and see what the drift is.
Okay. She's going down through 600 now.
I think we're probably going to have io reestablish PTC Yes, we got pretty fast yaw drifting, Jack.
Houston, Aquarius. What are your plans?
We're thinking about them right now. Did you say it yawed some?
Yes, I was in a right yaw and now I'm in a left yaw; at a much faster rate than the one we put in PTC.
Okay, Jim. We're talking it over. Stand by.
What's the SHe tank down to now. Jack?
Okay, Jim. It's going through 125 pounds now. And we understood you to say - -
- - that it reversed your yaw. Is that affirmative?
Sure did. Jack. It reversed my yaw completely and put in a little pitch, I think.
But more than anything, it reversed my yaw.
Roger. Have you effectively established PTC in the opposite direction then?
Well, you could say that. I'm not too sure just what kind of pitch or roll I've got, coupled with the yaw. I just saw the Earth go by the LMP's window here, not too long ago at a rather faster rate than we had going the other direction.
Perhaps you can tell Low fast I'm having to shift OMNIs.
Yes, we can tell the C0MM cycling back and forth.
Is that what they call a nonpropulsive vent?
Right. I'd hate to see a propulsive one.
It's going through 50 pounds now. So, are you seeing fewer sparklics?
Yes. Much fewer. Not any at all, now. I'm not sure whether that vent gave me reverse yaw and roll - left roll - that's - if that's what it gave me.
You say you think it might have given you some left roll as opposed to opposite yaw.
I'm sure it gave me the yaw. Jack, but I'm not too sure ...
Okay. We'd kind of like to watch it, sec what happens for a little while before we make a recommendation. However, we'll need some inputs from you on that.
Well, we're in no trouble up here as far as as far as the yaw goes. Everything's fine. It's faster than we had set up before. We just wanted to get into proper thermal constraint, and it's going to take me 15 minutes to get the thrusters up anyway.
Okay, Jack. The Earth just went through at an LPD of 26 degrees.
Okay. The Earth went through at 26 degrees going the opposite direction this time - left to right. Is that right?
From left to right. That's affirmative.
Okay, Jack. We're going to get a, time on a revolution here, and maybe that'll help you out.
Right. And, for your information, the tank went at 1937.
That's two thousand - 1937?
Okay, Jack. The Earth went through again at 18 degrees on the LPD.
Okay. Earth at 18. Thank you.
Okay. And we didn't see the Moon that time.
Okay, Jack. The Moon vent through that time at 32 degrees on the LPD.
Okay, Jack. Well, we didn't get the Earth that time. The Moon came back through at about 10 degrees, and now we're getting to the Earth again. Stand by.
Okay. The Earth came through the LPD at 62 degrees that time. And the total time for the two revolutions, - I missed the Earth revolution before, but the total time for the Earth's two revolutions was 3 minutes and 50 seconds.
Say again the time and the - and also the LPD number. You're in the background noise. Jack.
Okay. Okay, Jack. LPD that time was 62 degrees and that was for two revolutions , being at that distance we missed the Earth - The time before we didn't see it. And the time was 3 minutes and 50 seconds.
Okay. Three minutes and 50 seconds. Is that rate uncomfortable for you?
Jack, Jim said it isn't uncomfortable. It's a little annoying as for the OMNI switching, and also he said it's kind of - He said this Earth/Moon relationship's kind of ... because he doesn't know when to ...
Okay, Jack. We've got a MASTER ALARM and we've got a battery light flickering.
Okay. Copy a battery light. What battery?
Aquarius , how about cycling the power temp monitor to find out which battery it is, please.
Okay. It's that same old ...
Okay, Fred. I can hear you now. Say again, please.
Okay. It's the same old - same old one. The only light I'm getting is on BAT 2.
Okay, Fred. We copy your same old friend, battery 2. Could you give us high bit rate for a while, please?
Aquarius, Houston. High bit rate, please.
How you getting it now. Jack?
Okay, Aquarius. You can go low bit rate, POWER AMP, OFF and DOWN VOICE BACKUP now. Voltages and currents look normal on battery 2; so ignore the battery light.
Okay, Jack. POWER AMP, OFF, back to low bit rate, and I'll go back to sleep.
The battery light staying on?
Yes. We got a steady on BAT 2, BAT FAULT LIGHT and the battery caution light.
Okay. And the Skipper in the sack now?
Is the Skipper in the sack now?
okay. Hold on a minute, jack.
Okay, Jim. Since the antenna switch is kind of annoying, we've talked them into buying only half of the data. If it gets too troublesome for you to switch antennas, why, just leave it on one antenna and we'll listen to you half of the time.
Okay. It's not really much trouble. That's all we're doing about it. We'll try to keep up with it. And you're satisfied with this attitude so far. I guess you're going to watch the thermal and find out whether perhaps we're going to some other PTC attitude.
Roger. Thermal appears to be no problem. We're looking at what DELTA-V might have been imparted due to this, and it looks like we're not going to change the PTC attitude.
Okay. Then DELTA-V was a part of it; I hope it raised that angle a little bit.
Yes. We'll he looking at the data here, and give you a better answer in next 30 minutes or so.
Okay. Meanwhile, back to the drawing board about nonpropulsive vents.
And, with your kind of luck, it probably lowered the angle some more.
And, Jim, we're going no have a handover here pretty soon, about 3 minutes, we may lose uplink for 30 seconds or a minute.
Aquarius, Houston. We're handed over. How do you read?
Read you loud and clear. Jack.
Okay. I'm hearing you now, and the noise has come up again, but it will go down.
That sounds pretty good. We're really getting in there.
Is Jack in the sack, or is he with you?
Jack and Fred both are going to sleep. It's sort of humorous; Fred's sleeping place now is in the tunnel, upside down with his head resting on the ascent engine. Jack Is on the floor of the LM, with a restraint ... wrapped around his arm to keep him down there.
You say Jack is on the floor, and Fred is with his head on the ascent engine.
That's right, with his feet up into the tunnel.
Okay, Skipper. Your luck is really hanging in there. Your water's good up to 161 hours now.
That doesn't include PLSS water or command module water.
Okay. Jack, I'd just like to know what - what plans or thoughts being contemplated for the PLSSs or the OPS, whether we're going to use their LiOH canisters or take the devices back in the command module with us, or just what will be your plans.
Yes. We're talking all that over now. We haven't decided.
Everything's running real smooth over Timber Cove, Jim.
Sounds pretty good. How about at El Lago?
Same. Everything's smooth there, too.
Okay. A suited entry would sort of ... the 1-hour LM jettison back and ... back and forth up to that time. ... impede our progress back and forth. ...
Okay. I think I've got you back. I guess the midcourse at 5 hours prior to ...
Affirmative, Jim. Midcourse 5 hours prior to entry interface.
Roger. All those procedures will work - will be worked out precisely, and we agree that the stowage and all of those peripheral details ought to be taken care of before midcourse.
And, I guess, that last midcourse, we'd want to start looking at midcourse fairly early, if we have the power to do so, mainly because of attitude control. This last time was fairly easy, but I'm not too sure how long we can continue to ...
I have ... in, and it seems about as cold as it is now, we'll probably be going into suits long before entry.
Yes. That's what we were thinking.
I guess the two things which are somewhat unresolved at the moment are what to do with the OPS and what to do about the suited entry. We thought we'd toss those at you to see what you thought about them.
Jim, I'm sorry. We're not catching what you're saying. The C0MM is getting kind of bad right now.
Okay, Jack. How do you read now?
I've still got you with quite a bit of background can hear you.
It sounds like the general gist of your comments are that if things remain pretty much as they are now in the command module, you'd just as soon leave the OPS in the LM. Is that affirm?
Okay. And maybe you'd like to think over the suited entry bit a little while.
Okay ... How we aline the command module right for entry, especially if you have the LM in back. Over.
Roger. That's one subject that's been getting a lot of attention, and let me see if I can get
Okay. Let us talk it over a second, and we'll tell you what to do.
Jim, is the battery light kind of flickering?
Yes. The battery light's flickering, and it triggers off the MASTER ALARM.
Okay. Well, that - temperature sensor on bat- tery 2 is kind of cycling back and forth and every time it does, it triggers a MASTER ALARM, Jim.
Okay. Same old problem, huh? 04 14 39 39 CO Yes.
And, Jim, finally on the P52, we're considering using the - the Moon and then the Sun for the fine aline.
Okay. The Moon and the Sun for the fine aline. Understand. We'll go through this again here ...
Okay, Jack. Once - Once I get the spacecraft, at the proper attitude ...
Jim, I didn't copy your last question due to background noise.
Okay. Once - Once you get the AGS ball alined ... command module ...
That's the current thinking. It may change between now and tomorrow, but right now, that's the way it looks, Jim. It'll probably be some take-off on that anyway.
Okay. Are they planning on a G&N entry or using another system, like EMS or something like that?
Nothing like going first class.
Yes. That'll be a switch, won't it?
Jim, arc you broken into the food locker in the LM yet?
That's affirm. Jack. I sure have. ... away.
You say you did find everything in order in there, huh?
I had a question about that earlier.
I understand that one of your reasons for a suited entry is the fact that the command module hatch ... hasn't been good. It doesn't seem to be any different, but in the other ... our hatch is no better than other spacecraft.
No, the situation, Jim, is that your hatch is as good as any other hatch but that we won't have a chance to verify it until so late in the game, like 1 hour before entry interface, in this case; whereas before, why, we had a chance to evaluate it in lunar orbit. Over.
And that might make your time line a little too crowded, getting your suits on there at the last minute; say, less than an hour before entry interface.
Okay. I'll let you have Jack, and Fred's ... When in the time line ...?
Say again, Jim. I didn't catch that
When in our time - What's the GET do you plan on ...
Roger. Ja.ck's already up. He asked ... curious when you wanted to do it. Did you understand that? ... Is that correct?
Jim, we're having trouble hearing you. The next order of business is to charge battery A, and when you get somebody to help you there, why, we'll go ahead and get done with it.
And, before you start working on it let us know. because we've got some DELTAs to the battery charging procedure.
Roger. I'm putting Jack on the line now to copy down the DELTAs ...
Yes, Jack. I'm on the line.
Okay. Go ahead now. I can hear better.
Okay, Jack. Joe Kerwin passed me up the procedure for powering the CSM from the LM. Has it changed?
Yes. If you'll get that out, I'll read you the DELTAs.
Okay. The second step was in the LM circuit breakers panel ll and 16: ASCENT ECA CONTROL, close, two of them. Cross that out. In the next line, we had BATTERY 5 NORMAL FEED, on; cross out BATTERY 5 anl put BATTERY 6 in there. In the next line was - -
... Jack ... Hey, Jack; I have for step 3, I have BAT 5 and BAT 6 NORMAL FEED, on. You just want BAT 6?
Let me read you all steps as I've got them. Jack, and make sure we've got them right. ASCENT ECA, two, closed. Step 2 will now be BAT 6, NORMAL FEED, on. Step 3, BATS 1, 2, 3, and 4, OFF/RESET.
Okay. That part's all right. Jack. And we had - about 11 or 12 steps for the command moule. They go as is with no change. And then we had a couple of more procedures for the LM. Stand by 1.
Okay. Jack, let me read you command module procedures just to make sure I have them right, also.
Okay. Go ahead with the command module procedures.
Okay. I didn't get the notes, but I'll read you the steps as I have them now. One step, BAT 1, 2, 3, and 4 ... and at this point should have BATTERIES 1, 2, 3, 4, and 6 ON. Is that affirmative?
Okay, Jack. These notes are: circuit breaker protection limits current to 15 amps. The tube, the umbilical between the CSM and LM is hot. I can monitor MAIN B for the bus voltage.
Okay, Jack. One question here. If we transfer power like this, we're not going to cut us short on power remaining in the CSM ..., are we ...?
Say it again, Jack. I didn't get it.
Okay. Stand by. If we configure the CSM for powering up the LM, we aren't going to cut it short on LM power requirements to get us back in the entry interface, are we?
That's a negative. Jack. According to the latest update, we've got ampere-hours out to 203 hours.
Okay, Jack. One question from Jim is, he wants to know whether the procedure has been tried ...
Okay. Try it again, now. Jack. What did Jim want to know?
Okay. He would like to know whether the proceure has been tried and whether it has been found to be okay; and there's no danger of shorting out any of our batteries or anything we have on board the LM now.
Okay, Jack. This procedure has not been tried out as such; however, the hardware paths through which the current flows are the same ones which we used during translunar trajectory, and there's not a problem with shorting out a descent battery. Over.
Okay. I'll relay that to Jim.
Jack, of course, the reason for all of this is that we see we're 20 amp-hours short on one of the entry batteries, and we've got to juice that up to get you home with.
Okay. What we owe you from here on out is the actual battery A charge procedure, and then a procedure to turn this all around, again.
Okay. Do you have it there, and how long is it ...
Okay. Are you ready to read - copy it?
Okay. Good readback. Jack. The only one is number 1 - number 4. I didn't get your readback, but it's EPS SENSOR UNIT AC BUS 2, close. You got that?
Yes. 1 read that back CB EPS SENSOR UNIT, close.
How about reaching over there on your right-hand side and turning the BI0MED off? See if we can improve the C0MM a little bit.
Okay. How do you read, now?
Okay. I'm reading you real good now, and I want to verify that the main bus tie that we switched OFF was BAT Alfa Charlie.
That's verified; MAIN BUS TIE, BAT Alfa Charlie OFF. And that should ...
Okay. And in panel 3, I've got a switch for you. AC INVERTER 2 to MAIN B.
Okay. AC INVERTER 2 to MAIN B.
Okay. That's a good readback. Jack. Now the only thing we owe you is a turnaround from this, which we will have.
Okay. Let me ask one question, here. About how long do you think it'll take to charge these batteries?
It's going to take you about 15 hours.
Jack, about how many amperes of LM power will this 15 hours ... ? 04 15 15 21 CC Stand by. We'll get it for you
Okay. He got it. He got the question.
Okay, Jack. That's going to take 120 amp-hours out of the LM, which is equivalent to 10 hours, which will put us back to 193 hours, and that's plenty.
Okay. Let me relay that to Jim here. It'll be 120 amp hours, which leaves us - which puts us back from 203 hours ... to 193 hours.
Yes, there's that much to spare.
Okay, Jack. One question here. If we have any problems setting up this LM power to the CSM, is the quickest way to get out of it, return to the normal configuration, as it is for me to just switch the LM POWER to CSM to RESET then OFF?
I would like to give one quick step in case that gave Jim report some sort of problem for us to get out of it quickly.
Okay. Let us talk it over for a minute, Jack.
Okay. Real fine. And while you guys are talking it over, you might read back - Have you got the procedure for reversing this? I'll copy that.
Okay, Jack. Are you with me?
Okay. Understand. If I want to get out of this real quickly, I have to open just two circuit breakers in the CSM; that's on panel 5, LM POWER-l MAIN B, LM POWER-2 MAIN B.
Okay. I understand you want high bit rate on the LM or CSM just before we start this?
That will be high bit rate on the LM, and stand by for it.
Okay, Jack. Before we go ahead with this, what we want to do is read you the reverse - the normal reverse procedure.
Okay, Jack. I got the start on how you reverse this procedure. Ready to copy?
Okay. First you want to reverse the battery charge procedure. To do that, on panel 3, switch BATTERY CHARGE, off; AC INVERTER 2, off; panel 5, MAIN BUS TIE BAT Alfa Charlie, on, up; panel 250, circuit breaker BAT Alfa, POWER ENTRY, and POSTLANDING., open. Read back.
Okay, Jack. On panel 3, BATTERY CHARGER, off, AC INVERTER 2, off; on panel 5, MAIN BUS TIE Alfa Charlie, on; panel 250, CB BAT A, POWER ENTRY and POSTLANDING, open.
That's affirmative, jack, and then if you'll go back to the rest of the circuit breakers on that list, and just opposite - Open them all up. Stand by 1.
Okay, Jack. Do you want me to read it back to you?
No, if you've got something in the right-hand column for all of those, we don't want to have to do it. And now one mors thing I owe you is how to untransfer LM power to the CSM, and I'll get that for you in a jiffy.
Okay. I'll be standing by to copy it.
Okay. We have a last minute change to that.
Okay Jack. One thing - I guess you probably all considered it, but what heavy things can we store down there where the SRCs normally go to help increase our L over D?
I understand the question is what kind of heavy things can you store where the SRCs go.
Okay. Let me pass that question along, and get somebody working on it.
What souvenirs? (Laughter) All I've got is a Marine Corps foxhole-digging shovel.
You've got all you need then, buddy.
Okay. Ready to copy the power removal from the command module/LM umbilical.
I'm ready to copy. Go ahead.
... you got just a little bit scratchy there because of the antenna problem. Let me read this back to you.
okay. What I got, Jack, was the procedure assumes that all DESCENT BATTERIES are ON, and BAT 6 is on NORMAL FEED. Now we're going into the LM and on panel 5, we take LM, or CB LM POWER-2, MAIN B open. And that's as far as I got.
Okay, the second one is on panel 5 also. Circuit breaker, LM POWER-l, MAIN A, open; circuit breaker EPS SENSOR SIGNAL, MAIN B, open. Okay, read those back for the CSM, and I'll give you some steps in the LM.
Okay. CB LM POWER-2, MAIN B, open; CB LM POWER-l MAIN A, open; CB EPS SENSOR SIGNAL, MAIN B open Stand by 1, Jack.
Jack, I don't think we ever closed CB IM P0WER-1 MAIN A. We closed LM POWER-2, MAIN B, and LM POWER-1, MAIN B. Both of them on MAIN B.
Yes, you're right. Both of them should be MAIN B.
Okay. That's a good readback. It concludes the procedure going both ways and now we just have to stand by.
Okay, when do you plan to start this?
No, we're going to do it pretty soon, but we want to have high bit rate, and we don't want you to give that to us until we tell you.
Okay. I think I'll go back and try to undamp up there. Do you have anything more for the command module?
We're discussing two items, but we don't have them ready right now.
One of them, I hope, is a foolproof alinement procedure.
Okay, Jack. Just for curiosity's sake, does FIDO have any information as to whether that helium - that helium tank dump affected our trajectory at all?
Okay. That's swell, Jack. Thank you.
They said that it would be a while because they want to get high bit rate. They don't want to put high bit rate.
Okay, Aquarius. We're ready. So we want some high bit rate. To do that, go over to panel 16 under C0MM and close the PRIMARY S-BAND POWER AMPLIFIER. On your C0MM panel -
Okay. Okay, Jack. Wait 1. While - I'd like to get the whole crew up for this if you don't mind.
... they're ready to start. Yes, you want to get Fred-o up.
We want to transfer some power - I want to go to high bit rate here first, then want to transfer LM power to CSM, Fred.
Okay, Jim, I'll give you the COMM.
Aquarius, there's no great big rush. If you want to let Fred come up to speed slowly, why maybe that'll help out.
And Houston, Jack is showing Fred the procedures before we start up.
Okay. I'm hearing you now. I think I missed your last transmission, Jim.
Okay. Jack is showing Fred the procedures. Want to get him familiarized with them, and how to get out of any problems before we proceed.
Roger. No rush. Just let us know when you're ready. Me don't want old Fred-o to slip a gimbal there.
Boy, if you took 120 hours out. Oh. ... Okay. ...
Okay, I guess the only question I have is in the first - the very first portion involving the LM here where it has me turn on the only BAT 6, and then turn off all the DESCENT BATTERIES. Are you still reading me?
Okay. I read you until after turn off BAT 6 - Correction, turn on only BAT 6.
Okay, the question is "Only one ASCENT BATTERY BAT 6 on the line," immediately followed by turning off four DESCENT BATs. Is that correct?
That's affirmative, Fred. That question has been banged around and we decided to go that way.
Let's see, we will be powering other BUS via the CROSS TIE BALANCE LOADS breaker. Is that correct?
That's affirmative, and we're reading a current of 11 amps right now.
Okay. Okay. I guess I'm ready, then. That's 11 amps?
And after you turn BAT 6 on the line, you might as well take a look at the BATs 1 through 4 and so forth, and make sure that it's okay to turn them off.
Roger. Are you ready, gang?
Yes, we're ready for the POWER AMPLIFIER and the HIGH BIT RATE, and NORMAL VOICE, on the FUNCTION switch, please.
Okay, we see BAT 6, ON, and it looks good, Fred-o.
Okay. Am I cleared to proceed with the next step, getting 1, 2, 3, and 4, OFF/RESET?
Affirmative. You're cleared for BATs 1 through 4, OFF/RESET.
Okay, Houston. We need a call from you when to have Jack to proceed up into the Odyssey and start up there.
Okay, Aquarius; and Jack can get with it right now.
Okay, Houston; Aquarius. We've completed the powerup and things look good upstairs. Are we GO for proceeding with battery charge?
Okay, Aquarius; you're GO on the battery charge.
Boy, this is really a switch, isn't it. Jack?
That's an understatement. You're not known for that.
Yes. I think if you add up the - Yes - if you add up the operating time, I think the LM beats the CSM by a considerable margin on this flight.
You're out there at 134000, coming in at about 4900 feet a second. 04 16 08 58 LIMP Very good.
The SUPERCRIT tank went off at about 19:37, just
Yes. It - it also must of not did very much, except the rates. I was asleep then and I didn't hear a thing.
Is the command - service module still venting?
Jack said it was just before he went up. Right now, the Sun's over there, and I can't really tell - -
- - I'll look again in 1 minute.
We asked him a long time ago if he was able to see any stars out the optics. I don't think we ever got an answer.
Did you sleep pretty well that way?
Is Jim sleeping that way now, or is he standing next to you?
About time for him to go to bed.
Okay. The voltage upstairs is 34.3 and the charge is reading 2.5 amps.
Okay 34.3 and 2.5. And ... says ... - -
They came - both came down here rubbing their hands, shivering. It's pretty cool upstairs.
Are you keeping warm in the LM?
Yes. It's pretty reasonable down here.
Okay. And right now, it looks like ... right now, it looks like the command module isn't venting. Jack, so I'm going to try to take a look at the optics.
Okay. You say it is not venting?
Yes. That's the word. We've just looked through the A0T and you can't see anything back there.
Okay. And everything's fine in El Lago.
Aquarius, we're ready to secure the high bit rate.
Houston, Aquarius; how do you read?
I'm hearing you with a lot of background noise Fred-o.
Okay. How now? I just switched OMNIs again.
Aquarius, could you get a - amps and volts readout from Odyssey, please?
Okay, stand by. 04 16 24 08 LMP The CMP is dotting across there. You'd be amazed at how proficient you get at transfering to the tunnel after the first 1000 times.
I didn't get your last there, Fred-o. We'd like you to verify that your POWER AMPLIFIER circuit breaker is open.
Okay. That's verified. POWER AMPL breaker is open. 04 16 24 48 Cc Roger.
Okay, Jack; that's 34.6 volts and just a little bit under 2.5 amps.
okay, Fred. I copied 2.5 amps. Say again the volts, please.
.3 and that was just a little bit below 2.5.
Fred-o, I didn't copy the last. Say again the volt age, pie as e.
Okay, and the voltage is 34.6 - 34.6 amps, slightly less than 2.5.
.6 and a little below 2.5. Thank you.
We're - the way we are torquing around to the side here, Jack - We are getting some intervals where I can't hardly get to it with either of the OMNIs.
okay. Jack reports from upstairs that he can see stars and constellations out of the optics but the Sun angle is such that it is reflecting off the LM - portion of the LM quad and other thruster ... right now. ... really moving around ...
Okay. The part I got was that he can see stars and constellations and there is some sunlight reflected off the quads. That's all I got.
Yes. The point being that, at least in the present orientation, you have to kind of wait until Sun isn't reflected off the LM to see them.
okay. What you're saying is you kind of have to wait until the - there is no Sun reflection on the LM to see the stars. Is that right?
Yes. That's for the present orientation, of course.
But later on, if you can stop it moving around and
Okay, Fred-o. And we need a volts and amps reading.
Okay. And bring it back upstairs.
Okay. The volts, 35.0; amps, 2.4.
Okay. 35.0 and 2.4. Thanks, Fred.
The weather prediction for your landing area is still good; 2000 scattered, high scattered; 4-foot seas, 15-knots wind. There's a hurricane 500 miles to the west, which doesn't pose a problem.
Delay my last. It's degraded to a tropical storm.
Aquarius, Houston. We need another readout amps and volts , and that will be our last one for a half hour. Over.
Okay. The reading is 37.8 volts, 2.3 amps.
.8 and 2.3. And that will be our last one for a half hour. Thank you. And I'm about to exercise my fifth general order here, and pass it along to Joe.
Yes. It must be getting around a mealtime-
Aquarius, Houston. Over. 04 17 13 53 SC
Okay. The top of the new against the bottom of the old.
Roger that. That way you don't have to touch the hose.
Hey, for a change, I took the ... LM ... this morning, Joe.
I'm afraid I didn't copy that, Fred, and while I was listening, EECOM told me that he'd like another battery charge ... readout.
You want us to start on this lithium right now, Joe, or is it necessary?
And we would like another readout on the amps and volts.
Okay. The volts, Joe, are 38.9 and the amps are 1.9.
Yes. Jim's sleeping now, and Jack and I are awake and I just finished sleeping around, I guess, about another 5 or 6 hours, so I'm not particularly inclined to go back to sleep right now.
Aquarius, Houston. Go ahead.
Okay. We've got one of them ready to go, and it looks like we could do a pretty good job just using the tape strips. First combining them together and then just using a piece of paper and the bag ... get a pretty good seal ...
Hey; okay, Fred. We suspected that you'd gotten at least one on. We've noticed a partial pressure drop from the 1.8 to 0.8, which is real good.
Okay. You might run that by the CPCB and see if they approve our in-house ...
Roger. We're convening the CPCB on that change, Fred, but FLIGHT has given you an interim go- ahead. Over.
Okay. We've got both canisters completed now.
Okay. Roger that, Fred. And you're reading 0.1 again on the C02. Incidentally, are you guys having good luck getting water out of the command module?
We - We haven't tried that yet today.
Yes. This is quite an apparatus hanging on to these hoses now. And that ECS design engineer ... because it sure seems to work.
And, Aquarius, Houston. At your convenience, we'd like another volts and amps readout.
Okay. Volts, 39.0; amps, 1.7.
Aquarius, Houston. Go ahead. You're pretty weak.
Oh, sorry about that. Incidentally, Fred, if switching OMNIs every couple of minutes bugs you, you can skip it for now. We can always wait until you come around.
No, it doesn't. This is Jack, Joe. Fred ... It doesn't bother me at all.
Just happy to know that you're standing by.
Roger that. Except I'm sitting by.
Joe, how far out are we now and how fast are we closing?
Okay, Jack. The plot shows you about 130 000 miles out, which is about, gee, 10 000 closer than you were when I came on a couple of hours ago. And let me check with FIDO for your rate of closure.
Your smiling FIDO says you're making 5040 in a 5000-mile zone
Roger, Jack. Hate to keep bugging you, but we would like another volts and amps reading. Over.
Okay. We'll get it for you.
Joe, did our sticky MOD on that - those CO2 canisters work? I'm sorry - ...
Jack, I think you asked if the canister MOD was working and the answer is, it sure as hell is.
Okay, Joe. I got the voltage. It's 39.0 amps and 1.75.
Houston, do you read Aquarius?
Aquarius, Houston. That's affirmative.
Okay. We had a dropout there for a few minutes. ... on either antenna.
Gee whiz. Jack, I - when did it happen? Over.
Just now. I just got you back.
Okay. We had a handover, but that was about a half an hour ago, and I didn't call you on it. Let me check with INCO and see if he thinks everything's okay. Your C0MM sounds just as good as it's ever been.
Yes. I'm in real good shape.
Roger. We're checking into it. We think we lost lock in Madrid for a while, and we've got it back now.
You might also check with FIDO whether we ... perigee ...
You're getting a little weak. Did you say you wanted to verify what - what your vacuum perigee is? Over.
And, Jack, Houston. We verified that that C0MM problem was a ground problem.
Okay. Thank you. That FIDO is really cooking today.
It must be because we haven't made any waste water dumps.
You can tell Jay and David that I went for a whole flight and didn't use the bathroom.
(Laughter) He copies that. David's here; he says you've kept him so busy he hasn't had time to work on his stereo all week.
Jack, we'd like another volts and amps reading at your convenience.
Okay, Houston. It's 39.2 volts; 1.6 amps.
Okay. Thank you. We copy; 39.2 volts, and 1.6 amps.
I just relieved the watch; just thought I'd find out how things are going.
Okay, Jim. Good morning; and understand you relieved the watch, and the rest was kind of blurry. Did you have any questions?
No questions, Joe. Just ...
That's good. When I went to bed last night, ... a lot of rain ...
Couldn't copy that, Jim. Sorry.
Houston, Aquarius. 04 19 44 14 cC Aquarius, Houston. Go ahead.
Roger. 39.2 on the volts; 1.4 on the amps.
.2 and 1.4. Thank you. 04 19 44 54 cc Aquarius, Houston.
Okay. I see the battery light flickering now.
Okay. Recommend you ignore it.
Aquarius, Houston. Over. 04 20 26 44 cDR Go ahead, Houston.
Jim, it's volts and amps time again, at your convenience.
Aquarius, Houston. If you gave me those readings, I didn't copy them. Over.
Houston, Aquarius. Do you read?
Aquarius, Houston. Okay; go ahead.
Okay. Copied 39.3 and 1.25. Jim, did jack tell you what your trajectory looks like? Over.
Haven't got up to ... on it. How about giving me a rundown?
Okay. I'm closing now - the DISPLAY/ENGINE, OVERRIDE/LOGIC.
Okay. And the reaction control temperatures are 65 in A and 65 in B.
Okay, Jim. We'd like the descent tank temperatures, too. Over.
; oxidizer is 63; descent tank 1 ... is 64; the oxidizer is ... Did you copy? Over.
Hello, Houston. Did you copy the - the DPS display temperatures?
Jim, I copied 63 and 64, which I think were the descent 1 temps, and that's all I got.
Okay. I'll go over it again. I'm on descent 1, now and fuel is about 64, and oxidizer is 65, and I'll go to descent 2 - -
Okay. Thank you very much - -
- - our descent 2. Okay. I've got descent 2 now right up on 67 and 66.
Roger. We copy that, and once again we'd like to get the volts and amps check in the command module. Over.
Okay. I'm going to go up there and get it. Jack is - and Fred are asleep, so I'll be off the air a minute.
Volts, 39.3; amps, 1.2 zip.
Okay. I understand. We're going to get a H20 warning light here shortly, and I'll reset it.
Aquarius, this is Earth. Over.
Go ahead. Earth; Aquarius here.
Roger. Earth is here, also; and, Jim, it is time for another one of those volt/amp checks. For your information, we've got that battery back up to 30 amp-hours now. Over.
Hey, that sounds great. Jack's gone up to check it.
You know, I think Aquarius is ...
We've got garble now, Jim; I'm sorry.
Jim, Houston. Have you guys put on any extra clothes to try and ward off the nip of Jack Frost? Over.
Well, the lunar boots and two pair of underwear, and everyone is — crawl into their sleep restraints.
We're a little reluctant to break out the suits.
Yes, that's understandable. You can always use them if you have to. I guess it's pretty hard to get extra coveralls on, huh?
Well, Joe, I didn't think we had any extra inflight garments aboard, but we're going to check right now.
Roger. Jim, we noticed you just vent to AUTO and back to CLOSE on the SUIT RELIEF valve. Is everything okay?
We didn't do that intentionally. Stand by.
Okay, maybe you didn't. Incidentally, you're less than 24 hours to go.
Roger. What happened was, our lithium hydroxide device here got caught in the suit relief valve. It is closed now. That's where you want it, right?
And, Joe, just a reminder; now that you mention it - that it's less than 24 hours to go, what I'd like to do, and I have aboard all the Procedures that you are working up; so I can run through them with the crew, and make sure that we get all our signals straight.
Okay. That's good. I think ... ought to go back to the original procedures we have on board and modify them as we have the time to.
And just as a reminder, don't forget our stowage problem. We - We still have to do quite a bit of stowage of the drogue and probe in the LM, and, et cetera.
Another note of interest to the crew systems people - Tell them that they don't have to bother putting the refrigerator onboard. I just brought out some hot dogs, and they're re practically frozen.
(Laughter) Okay. We copy that, Jim.
Okay. We'd like another volt, amp reading, Jim.
Okay. Roger that. And, Jim, we ought to have a - an entry time line to discuss with you in one hour.
Your volts and amps time, Jim.
That goes like the Amos and Andy show.
Houston, Aquarius. Guess what.
Aquarius, Houston. What? Over.
Are you really going up there, and looking at them?
That's what the meters say.
Okay, Jim. We show the SUIT CIRCUIT RELIEF valve is back in the AUTO position, and we'd like to have it off for good scrubbing. Over.
Have you seen ... out there?
... up there - about ... of the scrubbers. If you think ...
Right. We're all set to copy.
Okay, Aquarius; Houston. How do you read?
Okay. Sounds good. You're going to give me an overall time line now, I take it; is that right?
That's affirm. I'm going to first of all just quickly run through the times of the major events, and then we'll go back and fill in some of the details. Okay. Entry interface is at 142 hours 40 minutes; 6-1/2 hours, roughly prior to that or at about 136:10, we'll start this whole thing going by applying IMU HEATER POWER, by checking the CM/RCS temperatures and preheating the CM/RCS if required, and we suspect we'll probably want to do that. We'll have detailed procedures up for it later. At about 6 hours prior to EI or about 136:40, we will commence powering up the LM, powering up the AGS, using the modified LM/DPS RCS 30-minute checklist, which you have used for the previous midcourse. Then shortly, just before 5 hours, prior to EI or at about 137:49, we'll want you in the attitude for a LM AGS body axis alinement, using the Earth terminator like we did before; and as soon as we have that, we'll perform MCC-7, which looks like, now, about a 2-foot-per-second burn or about 15 seconds of RCS. And I'm told that it's down to 1-1/2 now, so it's comfortably within the RCS margin. Okay. When we do that, we'll immediately start the maneuver to the service module jettison attitude, which will be in plane since we're jettisoning it earlier than we usually do. We don't need, and don't want, the out-of-plane component. So it'll be in plane with the service module pointed back out along the radius vector. We will then commence to get the command module ready for service module SEP, including command module RCS checkout and hot fire, and at approximately 4 hours and 30 minutes prior to EI or 138:10, we'll Jettison the service module. We'll pitch the LM up until we aquire the service module in the ... and try and get some photographs, but we're not going to fool around with LM translation maneuvers for pictures because we don't want to screw up - foul up your flight path angle at that time. Okay. That gives us 2 hours to - of more or less open time here to finish up, if we're late on that, to go on over to checklist and prepare for powering up the command module. We're going to start the command module full powerup at EI minus 2 hours and 30 minutes or 140:10 GET. We'll get the computer on the line, we'll get the IMU up, we'll start uplinking your state vectors, and so forth, and alining the command module platform. At about 1 hour and 30 minutes at the latest, giving us an hour to do this command module stuff, we will start the maneuver to the LM jettison attitude. You'll then start to close out the LM. Of course, we don't have our stowage all configured way before this. We'll close the hatch, do a pressure integrity check, and at EI minus 1 hour, or 141 hours and 40 minutes, we'll jettison the LM. As soon as we do that, you can start the maneuver to the entry attitude. When you're there, do a sextant star check, take down the optics, and at that point we'll be giving you your final entry pad. You can initialize the EMS, and you'll essentially be right back on the checklist at that point. There's one - one little difference from your nominal entry. You're a little bit earlier in the morning, so it going - it's going to be nighttime when you get to EI. However, we're fortunate enough to have the Moon in a perfect position for a horizon check. We'll give you a Moon check instead of a horizon check, and you can track it right down to moonset, which is going to be at EI roughly minus 3 minutes. And that's it for the quick time line. Do you have any questions right now?
I don't believe so, Joe, right now. We'll have to look at those time lines, and think about it for a little bit.
Okay. Real fine. We're ready to talk in some more detail about the alinement procedures, the CM powerup procedures, and so forth, but why don't we give you a few minutes to digest what you've already heard.
Two questions so far on heating up the CM/RCS. We assume that's LM power, and we assume that we're going to have to power up both CM buses, right?
Okay. Understand. Second question: when we finish MCC-7, that maneuver to SM JETT attitude will be angles given to us, by you, using the AGS aline ball, right?
Okay. Just stand by 1. I'll give it to you.
We would like to have plenty of ... the control characteristics are of the LM/command module, and whether we can use the attitude control - controller only to maneuver the combination to photograph the service module at 4 plus 30.
Okay. And I'm ... - use an AGS ATT HOLD configuraption to keep the attitudes - turn the LM JETT attitudes.
That's affirm. We are - We are probably going to recommend a tight deadband AGS attitude hold for that.
Okay. The star check at the entry attitude, is it a sextant star check or a C0AS star check?
It'll probably be a sextant star check, Jim. It really depends on how good that platform is that we get. And we expect it to be plenty good enough for a sextant star check.
And because it will be too late to do much about a hatch integrity check if it fails, you want us to have our suits on sometime during this period?
Well, I have confidence in the hatch, as long as it goes in and locks in smoothly; I see no reason why we need the suits, and one thing we are going to do during our spare time is to practice putting that hatch on, make sure we get it on and locked.
Okay. Real good. And with that precaution, think we can concur on that decision.
And that's all the questions we had about the time line you gave us.
Okay. Let me take a check here and see if there is anything anybody else wants to input to you, right now.
Okay. Understand. You want me to go a half a foot per second plus-X, JETT the service module, and go a half a foot per second minus-X.
That's affirm. We think that will give you plenty of separation, and also will be a slow enough rate so you'll have a chance to get some photos.
That's affirmative. And Deke says don't forget to close the command module hatch on your way in.
I'm already scared that Jack will have it closed before I get up there.
That's affirmative. Let me get word on when we expect to go off LM power.
Okay. Fine. And that will be a LM maneuver, I assume, because we lost the service module, so no strain there.
And, Jack , would like to know what entry angle the midcourse-7 will give us?
Oh, it'll put us right in the middle of the corridor, Jim.
Okay. We'll be standing by for that, and now POWER AMPLIFIER switch is going to go off, and then we'll be going to DOWN VOICE BACKUP.
Aquarius, Houston. Go ahead.
Roger, Jim. We're receiving you now. Go ahead.
Okay. I thought you were calling, but I guess we had a ground switching problem down there.
Yes. We lost the lock for a little while there, Jim. Well , good day. Could you give us battery A voltage ... reading, please, and battery charger current, as you have been doing.
Okay. Volts are 39.5; amps, 1.25.
Roger. Copy 39.5; and 1.25. Thank you.
Aquarius here. Go ahead, Houston.
Say, Jim, could you give us another reading on the Battery A voltage and BAT charger current on the CSM, please.
Okay. And sometime when you have some time to copy I have an entry stowage list to give you which specifies which equipment will be moved between vehicles before splashdown.
Okay. I'm - I'll bhe able to copy that in a minute.
Okay, Vance. We're ready to cover - to copy the stowage list.
Vance, what was that again?
DSEA; that's recorder in - will go in the command module; it's recommended you stow it in R-13. Over.
Okay, the DSEA - that 's the recorder - will be stowed in R-13.
That's affirm. Next. LM flight data file. That will go in R-l, R-2, and R-3. Next. Three PPKs in A-8.
Okay. 16-millimeter and 70-millimeter exposed film in R-13. Okay, next. O2 hose screen caps on the 02 hoses. Next: two 70-millimeter Hasselblad cameras, and stow these in B-6 in the empty LiOH volume.
Okay, next. Black-and-white TV camera, and recommend stow that on top of A-7 and A-11 in decontamination bag. Next: flag kit, stowage location A-8. Next: LM fecal bags, used, R-9, waste management system chute.
Okay, that's the first list, Jim.
And, if you want to read that one back, why then I'll - I'll give you the second one.
This is the LM to command module transfer, and this is the Delta from the launch stowage. Number 1: DSEA ...; number 2: LM flight data file in R-l, R-2, R-3; three PPKs in A-8 ... -
... A-8; and used LM fecal bags in R-9.
Okay. This is CM to LM equipment transfer. Cabin fan filter and bag, and that, in the LM, should go in the ISA. Okay, next: decontamination bags, except for the ones used to wrap camera, should go in the ISA.
Okay. Two LGGs, if you don't have them on already, to the IS - ISA. I realize you wouldn't have them on, because you're cold enough already.
Okay, and finally, four LiOH cans, the ones used in the LM, and those can go in the jettison bag in the LM. Okay, a couple of notes. After loading the ISA, recommend secure it to the right-hand restraint system.
And secure the jettison bag to the PLSS on the floor. And that's all.
Jim, would you give us PCM to HI bit rate. We think maybe we might be able to lock up on your high bit rate now. Over.
Okay, Jim. We're getting it intermittently. We think we might get it steady and improve circuit margins if you would, in addition, on panel 16, open the PRIMARY POWER AMPL circuit breaker, and I'll give you next step in a minute.
Okay. PRIMARY POWER AMPL is opened.
Okay. And on panel 12, POWER AMPL to PRIMARY.
Understand the first, Vance, and no one has on any BI0MED
- - Fred and Jack are maneuvering things around right now, and mine is long since departed the scene.
Vance, you might be interested - the way we're - the way we got this thing arranged, we have one helmet attached to the C0MM lines attached to the LM hoses, and the guy that's got the duty wears the helmet, so the other people are free to maneuver.
Right. That's understandable. One guy's on the leash, huh?
Okay, we'll be standing by for - there's no hurry on it.
Just out of curiosity, Vance, what's our distance and velocity now?
Hey, stand by 1. You're speeding up, I think.
Jim, we have you 101000 miles out, and your velocity is 5848. Starting to speed up.
Okay, Vance. Jim said that you want to terminate battery charge on battery A.
That's affirm, Jack. Request to - Before you terminate it, get the usual readout on voltage and current; and we'd also like a time of termination, and understand you have the termination procedures. Is that affirm?
Okay. That's affirm. Stand by. Let me just make sure I've got everything here before I go off on a tangent.
Okay, Jack, and your battery-charge termination procedure remains unchanged, but when we go to power up the CM and look at your TM, we have a couple of additional steps.
Okay. Vance, I do have the procedure for stopping the battery charge. And do you want me to copy this procedure now, or do you want me to come back and give you the volt, amps, and time and - after I complete this termination?
Okay, just - just give us the volts and amps just before you start the termination of the procedure, and understand you say you have the charge - the procedure for taking the charge off. Is that affirm?
Okay. And just give us a hack on the time - -
And you want to - you want to review it at all?
Negative. Unless you want me to. I'll tell you what; I could run through it very quickly just to verify that we're getting started off on the correct path here.
Roger, that's - that's Charlie. Have at it.
Okay, we'll get a volts and amps right now.
Okay, Vance. The volts and amps: 39.4; amps, 1.25.
Okay, Jack. We copy that. Incidentally - -
Okay. We're going up to termin - Go ahead, Vance.
Never mind, Jack. I'll bring this up later when you've finished the procedure.
Okay. I'm going off the air; I'll put Fred-o on. I'm going to stop the battery charge.
Now, how do you read, Vance?
Hey, loud and clear, Fred. Understand you've been doing some spring housecleaning, moving stowage around up there.
Boy, you wouldn't believe this LM right now; it's nothing but bags from floor to ceiling.
Yes, I do, Vance. ... would go in the LM, but I thought maybe we ought to stow it where the CDR stands. How's that?
Okay. I can tell that you're just getting - getting that one over because Jim just got off the loop.
Yes, he's sleeping. No, that's - that's actually where we normally had been stowing it for normal LM JETTs.
I think Jack hauled off the piece of paper with that - all that on it. Why don't you hold it until Jack gets done doing the battery charge?
And, Fred, request PCM on L0 bit rate, now.
Okay. And there was one piece of flight data that we needed that we didn't bring along this time.
That's a big book with a lot of just plain old blank pages in it.
Yes, when you - when you get off nominal, why you just need scratch paper, don't you?
Okay, Vance. I got the stowage list now.
Okay, I gave you two lists - -
And Jack's got - and Jack said he's completed - the - secured the battery charge now.
Okay, and we're recording the time that that was complete. You have two lists there, one is LM to CM equipment transfer and the second list is the reverse. Request you scratch the last item on the first list, which is returning used bags to the CM.
Okay. We didn't have any of those, so that didn't pose any problem anyway.
Okay, Vance. Aquarius is back on.
Okay, Jack. Understand you completed securing the battery charge. Now if you are ready to copy, Jack, I would like to give you the two changes that we have to the powerup for the CM procedure. Over.
Okay, Vance. You say you have some changes in the procedures that I used before to get telemetry and to check out the CSM system?
Yes, that's correct. Jack; they're pretty simple. About halfway through the procedure, we have a step on panel 3, which is POWER AMPL, HIGH; we'd like to change that to POWER AMPL, LOW.
Okay. Copy. POWER AMPL, LOW.
And the next change, Jack, is panel 275. Scratch the step "CB MAIN B, BAT B, close - BAT BUS B, close."
Okay. You want to delete the step "CB MAIN B BAT BUS B, close."
Roger. As you know, we're going to do this on LM power, so this reflects that.
Okay, and have at it. We - we'd like to have the TM up for about 5 or 10 minutes to look at the data from the CM; look at your temperatures, et cetera. And after that, we'll go back to charging the battery again, and the charge will probably go until around GET 126.
Okay. Do you want the same readouts from me that I gave you before?
That's affirmative, Jack. And just to make sure that there is no mistaking the procedure, it starts out for the backout part: panel 3, POWER AMPL, OFF; TRANSPONDER, OFF; AC INVERTER 2, OFF; then goes to panel 250, et cetera.
That's - that's the way I read it.
Okay; going back up into the refrigerator.
Hey, I thought it was the bedroom.
Well, it's got a new name now, because it is about 30 degrees cooler.
Roger. Returning to the deep freeze - -
Jack, I don't think there'll be any problem, if you can get it in, but let us get - work that and get back with you. Okay?
Okay. We copy that, and ve owe you an answer on your last question.
Okay. And I'm in work, going to give you some telemetry.
Aquarius, Houston. We're receiving CSM data now.
Fred, we just lost data on Aquar - on Jack. Would you have him select best OMNI, please?
Fred, we have enough data; recommend that Jack take off the TM and power back down again, using his backout procedure. Just let us know when he does it.
And, after that, we'll start the battery charge, and we'll have to know when he starts that.
Okay. He's starting to back out now. Just out of curiosity, what - did you all get a readout on what the cabin temp was up there?
Yes, we're getting 45 to 46 degrees.
Now you see why we call it the refrigerator.
Yes, it's kind of a cold winter day up there, isn't it? Is it snowing in the command module yet?
Roger. Understand. Pete says to tell you that you'll have some time on the beach in Samoa to thaw out after this cold experience.
You are referring to the photography of the ser- vice module, is that right?
We have some procedures in work, and I've seen them, Fred. I think pretty soon we'll be shooting them up to you to specify which cameras and settings. But that - that sounds pretty close.
Okay, you might let them know that, if they hadn't thought of it, that we got this lunar-surface sequence camera on board which has its own battery pack setup, and to shoot quite a few pictures with, and that could also be used for this.
Roger. I know we are planning to use that camera, among others.
Okay, Houston; Aquarius. Jack has backed out of powering up the CM, and now he's proceeding to restart battery charge on BAT A.
Okay. Real good, Fred. We copy.
Okay. And we are charging battery A now.
Roger. Charging battery A, Fred.
And, Fred, request now first reading of voltage - BAT A voltage and charger current. Over.
Okay, Vance. I can give it to you. I read it right after I started it. BAT A voltage was 39.4 and the current had jumped up to 1.4.
Okay. 39.4 and 1.4. Thanks, Jack.
Okay. How about - You ready for some other readouts, that you wanted there?
Okay. We copy all that, Jack. Thank you.
You say, you figure you are going to be charging BAT A until about 126?
Roger. About 126:30 is an estimate, Jack.
Okay. You figure it will be fully charged then, huh?
Yes. That's right. We'll have all the batteries up to about 116 amps-hours.
How did all our systems look on Vance?
I didn't hear any complaints, but just a minute; let me make a detailed check.
Vance, Joe brought up the alinement at EI minus 2 plus 30. Were you going to send up or have a discussion about that later on.
Okay. I'll be standing by. 05 03 30 38 CO One other thing. Jack - You still with me?
Yes, go ahead. The stowage people have tried out this black-and-white TV camera into B-6 idea and they say even with the lens off, they can't get it in. So, I still recommend that it be stowed where we had it on the list. That's A-7.
Jack, request another voltage/readout on BAT A and current on BAT charger.
Okay, Vance. The volt 39.3, amp 1.3.
Jack, looks like the LM suit release valve has been bumped to AUTO again; request it - -
Okay. They say it looks good.
Okay, Jack. We need another one of those voltage amps readouts and then maybe we will get off of your back for a little while.
Oh, don't worry about it. I'd like to have you talk with us. Volts and amps coming up.
Okay, Vance. Volts 39.4, amps 1.25.
Okay. EECOM's got it duly recorded.
No. Gee, I don't know what shift he is on. But he comes in later, I guess.
Actually, all the shifts are morning. Shifts to us.
The Sun is always shining - All of the shifts are morning shifts to us, because the Sun is always shining.
Just for curiosity's sake, are we still holding entry angle at 6.25?
Okay. Jack, right now we're told that it's closer to 6, and - But they would like to track it some more. Looks like your next midcoursc will be in the order of 2 to 3 foot per second.
I just got a good view of the Southern Gross, Alpha and Beta Centauri , and Atria.
Okay. We're still in good chape as far as water goes in the LM?
Okay. Have you run out of CM drinking water yet, Jack?
Oh, no, we've got plenty of drinking water. I think the - I don't have any idea, what the surge tank pressure is.
- - and I don't have any - -
Okay. Stand by 1, Jack, and we'll give you an indication of how that water situation on the LM is - which is your question. Right?
Okay. But I guess what I was really asking is, if you'd have any violent objections if we filled two drink bags from LM water rather than repressurizing the surge tank.
Also, Jim is asleep up there and we didn't want to bother him, either.
And, Jack, we'll be changing stations in 1 minute; so, we may have a temporary dropout in COMM.
Okay, Vance. Go ahead. Loud and clear.
Okay, Jack. We're going to bargain with you on this one. Instead of two, would - wish that you would just get just one bag full. That shouldn't do any harm; however - -
- - we are not all that fat on water that we want to do any drinking out of the LM as a regular thing after this one bag. So would you let us know when you get the water out and give us a mark on it so we can watch the TM. Over.
Okay. Fred-o is about to withdraw the water now.
Okay, Vance. We've withdrawn - oh, about 8 ounce of water.
It's - good. It's not quite as gaseous as that in the command module.
Apollo 13, Houston - or rather, Aquarius, Houston. Over.
Hey, Jack, we need another reading. Volts and amps.
Vance, you won't believe this, but Fred-o says it's 39.4 and 1.245.
Okay. Our EEC0M is recording those numbers. Charlie Dumas, this time.
Not changing very fast, is it?
Okay. 953 and 6068 on velocity, per FIDO.
Are the flowers in bloom in Houston?
No, not yet. Still must be winter.
Yes, I doubt if they will be blooming even Saturday, when you return.
I concur. 05 04 39 07 Hey, Jim, we have some photo information to pass up to you. Discussed this briefly with Fred earlier. It's instructions or suggestions for which photos - which cameras and lenses to use during your service module photography. Over.
Okay. Suggest either magazine R of magazine S from A-13. Transfer all of this to the LM and recommend the following settings: LM/DC/80/BW 3400 (f:5.6 at a 250th).
And that's all for that one.
Okay, Vance. Essentially, what you wanted to use as far as the movie camera in the LM goes, is our lunar sequence camera which is attached to the powerpack. We use the l8-millimeter lens, set it at 12 frames per second ... f:8 at 250th of a second.
Okay. Would you believe that we have a correc- tion now to the last camera I gave you? Correct that 18-millimeter lens to 75-millimeter lens.
Okay. The 18-millimeter to the 75-millimeter lens. Okay.
Okay. Stand by on that one. This is a question of geometry, and I'll get right back.
Okay. I understand. Yes, you're right- When we look out window 5, we can see rendezvous radar, and we'll try - We'll try window 5.
Roger. It presumes, though, that there has to be a pitch to be able to see it. You guys sound a lot more rested today.
Well, I just went back and sacked out for an hour or so and didn't get back up.
And, Jim, Houston. We really are going to get those checklists up to you.
Jim, it's time for readings on the battery charging again. Request the BAT A voltage and the charger amps. Over.
Okay. We have no more water in the potable tank. We tried to get some more out a few minutes ago, and there isn't any.
Okay. Understand you ran out of water in the CM potable tank.
Jim, we - you were able to get those voltage - BAT A voltage and current readings?
Oh, yes. Fred's - Fred's up there now.
Okay, Jack. I'm going to get - Vance, I'm going to get Jack on the line for that; and so stand by.
Okay. And he'll need a lot of paper.
Okay. Volts are 39.5; amps, 1.24. Stand by.
Okay, Vance. I'm on and ready to copy.
Okay, Jack. Wait 1. We want to get one into the hands of FLIGHT and EEC0M, and it'll take about a minute or 2. Sorry to wake you up for this, but take about a minute, and then we'll read it up to you.
Okay, Jack. Do you have any of that CM water - bagged water, left? Over.
Negative. I went up and tried to repressurize the surge tank and get another shot of water, and was able to repressurize the surge tank okay, but there was no water that came out of the water tank.
Ye's. We understand that there isn't any more in the potable tank, but we understood that you had put some water from that tank into bags, and I wondered if any of the bags were left.
Okay, Vance. Ready to copy.
Okay. Start at EI minus 6-1/2 hours. You're going to re - get LM pads and CSM pads, and I don't know if you want to copy them or not. This is something I can just read off to you. Over. Without you copying unless you especially want it.
Okay. LM pad, SM jettison - -
Okay. Go ahead; read which ones we're going to get.
I got - I was trying to copy it as you were reading it, Vance. The LM pads are service module Jettison attitude. Moon viewing attitude, Sun viewing attitude, and LM jettison attitude. Is that correct?
That's correct. Okay, l'll read the CM pads now, slowly. Coarse aline angles for LM attitudes during Moon and Sun sightings.
Okay. The next coarse aline angles for entry REFSMMAT. Okay. The next, CMC angles on entry REFSMMAT for (l) LM JETT, (2) Moon viewing, (3) entry. Okay. I'll stand by until you read that back.
Okay. The CSM pads will be coarse aline angles for LM attitudes during Moon and Sun sightings. Coarse aline angles for entry REFSMMAT. CMC - CMC angles on entry REFSMMAT for (l) LM jettison, (2) Moon viewing, (3) entry.
Okay, Jack. Going to hold up 1. All the hordes of people that devised this procedure are going to be coming into the room in a minute, and they'd like to hold up until everybody can listen in.
Okay, Vance. We're ready to go.
How's the temperature up there, Jack? You guys chopping wood to keep warm?
Deke, it's about 51, I think, or 50 in the LM, and it's about - I don't know - 45 or little bit less in the command module.
Oh, it's a nice fall day, huh?
Yes, I tell you, we don't have to worry about chilldown.
Okay, Vance. While we're waiting, do you have there also what I can expect ground to uplink me?
We'll have that. Jack, but - Stand by for that.
Okay. 05 05 44 08 cc Jack, probably - probably the thing to do is to give you all of the checklist, and it will include things like this. Then we'll have a big question and answer session afterwards, if that's okay by you.
Okay, Vance. While we're waiting, just for your information, the command module has been stowed per your checklist with the exception of the two Hasselblad cameras.
And the LM is pretty well stowed with the exception when we have yet to bring in the probe and the drogue.
Relative to your water situation, Jack, we're going to have a pretty good back on the LM here in the next few hours, and we anticipate letting you fill your own tanks before we transfer over, so you should be in reasonably good shape there.
Roger. If you feel like trying the PLSS, that's all excess, and you might want to try that at any time. I'm sure it'll taste like PLSS but you might as well try it.
Okay, Deke. All the windows in the command module are heavily coated with water right now. So I don't know what kind of pictures we'll get out of them, but I'm going to try and clean them off and do the best I can with the 250-millimeter lens on the Hasselblad.
Roger. That's why we have the top priority stuff in the LM. We figure you've got a much better chance of getting it through there.
Are you ready to send it up, Vance?
Okay. Stand by and let me get out my other checklist.
Okay, Vance. Ready to copy.
Okay. I'll put it in work right now, then come back and stand by to copy the rest of - well, I - not the rest - everything.
You'd never believe how much this procedure's been massaged in the last day.
Okay, Vance. I put BAT Baker on charge; I don't think it quite had stabilized. It was reading 1.1 amps, 39.6 volts when I left up there.
Okay. I guess now is as good a time to start as any.
Okay, Vance. You're kind of weak, but readable.
Jack, we're going to need readings on the BAT volt and charger amps about every 10 or 15 minutes for a while, so is there somebody else that can be reading them out while you're copying? Over.
Yes. Jim will take a run up there. Fred-o is sleeping right now. We're trying to get some sleep here, and Jim'll run up and take a look at voltage and current whenever you call.
I know, Jim. We're very conscious of that. We - we should be ready to go in about 5 minutes. That's all I can say. Stand by.
Okay, Vance. We're ready to go.
Okay. We need a - Sorry (laughter). We need a readout. Volts and amps.
And, might as well bring the COMM up to a higher fidelity for this long period of checklist reading. That requires, panel 16: GB PRIMARY S-BAND POWER AMP, closed.
Okay, PRIMARY S-BAND POWER AMP closed now. How do you read?
Okay. And next step, panel 12: S-BAND FUNCTION to VOICE and RANGING FUNCTION to RANGING.
Okay, Vance. The S-BAND FUNCTION is at VOICE and the RANGING switch was at RANGING.
Okay. That makes it so we can hear you better, Jack.
Okay. Can we - Since the first part of it, you're just going to read and I'm going to copy and we're going to have a question and answer period later, can we get started?
Okay. Procedure's coming back in again. Multi- copies for distribution. And Ken's back. He's a local expert on this now, so we'll turn you over to him and he'll read it off.
Okay. Stand by. I'll give you volts and amps. Okay. The voltage is 39.1; amps, 1.75.
Hello, Aquarius; Houston. How do you read?
Okay. Yes, I'll make a little note there, and we'll discuss it when we get everything copied, huh?
All right. And the first item, then, after you get ready to start this checklist, is to install lithium hydroxide canister's and to stow ORDEAL. On panel 8, we want to turn the FLOODLIGHTS to FIXED.
Okay. Wait a minute. You're going too fast, here.
Okay. I'll tell you. I'll go line at a time and wait for your verification before I go on to the next one. I have panel 8, FLOODLIGHTS, FIXED.
Okay. Install LiOH canisters, stow ORDEAL, FLOODLIGHTS, FIXED.
Okay. That's the panel 8 floodlights. Now we're going to take panel 5 and put the FLOODLIGHT rheostat to FLOOD and the LEB, that's panel 100, FLOODLIGHTS are also going to FIXED. And the purpose of this is to balance up buses A and B.
Okay. Panel 5; FLOODLIGHTS; you want the rheostat on. Panel 100, FLOODLIGHTS; you want FIXED.
That's affirmative. Okay. On panel 8: circuit breakers EMS, MAIN A and MAIN B, that's two, open.
Okay. Panel 8: EMS MAIN A and MAIN B, open.
Okay. On panel 250: circuit breaker BATTERY A POWER ENTRY and POSTLANDING, closed.
Okay. Panel 250: CB BAT A POWER ENTRY and POSTLANDING, closed.
Okay. The same for circuit breaker BATTERY B POWER ENTRY and POSTLANDING.
Okay. BATTERY B POWER ENTRY and POSTLANDING, closed.
Okay. And add BATTERY C POWER ENTRY and POST LANDING.
BATTERY C POWER ENTRY and POSTLANDING, closed.
Okay. That's correct. On panel 5: circuit breaker BAT CHARGE, BATTERY A CHARGE, closed.
Okay. Panel 5: CB BAT CHARGE, BAT A, close.
Okay. And the same for circuit breaker for BATTERY CHARGE, BAT B/CHARGE, closed.
Okay, BAT CHARGER, BAT B, closed.
All right. Like to take MAIN BUS TIES, two of them, on and up. That's probably a verify.
MAIN BUS TIES A/C and B/C, on, verify.
That's correct. Circuit breaker BATTERY RELAY BUS, BATTERY A and B, closed.
Okay. CB BAT RELAY BUS, BAT A, and BAT RELAY BUS, BAT B, closed.
That's affirmative. Circuit breaker EPS SENSOR SIGNAL, MAIN A and MAIN B, closed.
EPS SENSOR SIGNAL, MAIN A and MAIN B, closed.
Okay. On panel 275: circuit breaker MAIN A, BATTERY C, closed.
Okay, Ken. Wait on that one here. I'm just about to lose you here. Just - I've got to change OMNIs.
Okay. Could you give me that one again, please.
All right. On panel 275: circuit breaker MAIN A, BATTERY C, closed.
Okay. MAIN A, BAT B, closed on 275.
That's MAIN A, BATTERY C, Charlie.
That's affirm. No - Negative on battery Bravo.
Okay. Negative on battery Bravo. That's MAIN A, BAT Charlie, closed.
Okay. Good. On panel 276: circuit breaker INSTRUMENTATION POWER CONTROL, 3 and 4, open.
Would you say that one again. Ken?
All right. On panel 276: circuit breaker INSTRUMENTATION POWER CONTROL, 3 and 4, open.
Okay. Panel 276: CB INSTRUMENTATION POWER CONTROL, 3 and 4, open.
That's affirmative. Okay. Panel 5: circuit breaker CENTRAL INSTRUMENTATION POWER, MAIN B, closed.
Okay. I'm sorry. Jack. Would you read that again, please?
Okay. On panel 5: CB CENTRAL INSTRUMENTATION POWER, MAIN B, closed.
Okay. That's correct. PRIMARY EVAPORATE WATER CONTROL valve to AUTO.
Okay, Jack. We want to put the PRIMARY and the SECONDARY EVAPORATED WATER CONTROL valves to AUTO.
And, Jack, can you give us a readout on BAT B and the charger current?
Okay, Ken. That was the PRIMARY and SECONDARY H2O CONTROL valves to AUTO on 382.
That's affirmative, and did you copy about the readout on the battery and charger?
Okay. Thank you. All right, the next little step after your water control valves is to perform the CSM RCS preheat. We'll do that on page E/l-5, steps 35 and 37.
Okay, Ken. We're having a problem with the COMM. You read now?
Okay. It's perform CM - CSM RCS preheat, and could you say again all after?
Okay. I'm referring to the entry checklist, page E/l-5, steps 35 and 37.
Okay Perform CSM RCS preheat per entry check-list, page 1-5, steps 35 an 37.
That's affirmative. Now back to panel 5: circuit breaker CAUTION AND WARNING, MAIN B, closed.
CB CAUTION AND WARNING, MAIN B, closed.
That's affirm. On panel 2: CAUTION AND WARNING POWER to 1.
Panel 2: CAUTION AND WARNING POWER to l.
That was POWER to number 1, Jack.
CAUTION AND WARNING POWER to 1.
Okay. On panel 5: circuit breaker EPS SENSOR UNIT, DC BUS A and B, closed.
Okay, Ken. The C0MM from you is awful weak - awful weak, I - I can't - it's CB EPS SENSOR UNIT. Say again, after that.
All right, Jack. That's CB EPS SENSOR UNIT, DC, that's Delta Charlie, BUS A and B, closed.
Okay. CB EPS SENSOR UNIT, DC BUS A and B, close. And I'll give you the volts and amps.
Okay, that's correct. Go ahead.
Okay. Volts are 39.1:. amps, 1.5.
Okay. On panel 3: MAIN BUS A and B, go to RESET and leave it in the center.
Okay, panel 3 - Stand by; got to change OMNI's.
Okay. MAIN BUS A and B, RESET, then center.
Okay. At EI minus 05:05, the LM is making an Earth-terminator aline; and at EI minus 05:0C, we perform MCC-7.
That's correct. At the completion of mid- course 7, the LM will maneuver to a separation attitude. And this attitude will be sent up on one of the pads that you're going to get before all the sequence starts. And it'll be flown to the LM ball angles on that pad.
All right. At EI minus 4 plus 40, we want to perform page 1-6, step 39 of the entry checklist.
Ken, I - I didn't get it. We had to change OMNI'S again. Could you say it - the EI minus 4 dash - or 04:40, we do something.
Okay. And at that time, you'll want to perform step 39 of Page E/l-6. Over.
Okay. Perform step 39 of entry checklist page E/l-6.
That's correct. Okay. The next is the command module RCS activation, and that's step 4-1 of page E/l-6.
Okay. The next is perform CSM - or CM RCS activation for step 4-1 of page E — E/l-6.
All right. Jack. The next is at EI minus 4 plus 30. We want to verify that the LM is configured for command module RCS hot fire.
Okay. Verify LM configure for RCS hotfire at EI minus 04:30.
That's correct. Now to panel 5: circuit breaker G&N IMU HEATER, MAIN B, closed.
Okay. Panel 5: CB G&N IMU HEATER, MAIN A and MAIN B, closed.
That's negative. Jack. That's MAIN B only.
I'm sorry; I lost you that time. Say it again.
Okay. Let's repeat it. Stand by. Cut out. We've really got a strange attitude, so this is why we are having the C0MM problem. Panel 5: CB G&N IMU HEATER, MAIN B, closed.
That's affirmative. On panel 1: ROTATION CONTROL POWER, NORMAL. That's two of them, to AC/DC.
Okay, panel 1: RHC, NORMAL, two to AC/DC, two controllers.
That's correct. On panel 7: SCS, LOGIC POWER 2/3, ON.
SCS, LOGIC P0WER 2/3, ON, panel 7.
That's affirm. Back to panel 2: RCS COMMAND, ON.
That's correct. Now the command module RCS check per step 4 of page E/2-l.
Okay. Perform the command module RCS check per step 4, page 2-1.
That's correct. Okay, at this point, we want to lock the rotation hand controllers.
Okay. After that, lock both rotation hand controllers.
That's affirm. On panel 8: SEQUENTIAL, PYRO ARM, two to ARM.
Okay. Panel 8: set PYRO ARM, two, to ARM. Do I get a MSFN GO for that?
That's negative, Jack. We haven't powered up any of the downlink at this time. You'll be doing this and the command module RCS pressurization both by yourself.
Yes, Ken. It was, I heard about it.
Okay. I just wanted you to know that's the sequence you're in. Okay. At the completion of that, we go back to panel 8, and it's SEQUENTIAL, PYRO ARM, both of them, to SAFE.
Okay. Panel 8: SEQ PYRO ARM, two, to SAFE.
Okay. And following this, we take SEQUENTIAL, LOGIC, two, to 0FF.
I'm sorry. Jack. I'll have to ask you to repeat that.
Okay. Panel 8: SEQ LOGIC, two, to OFF. Are they ON now. Ken? I don't remember turning them - I guess that's part of one of the other sequences, huh? That we turned them ON?
Okay, the LM maneuvers to the Moon-viewing atti- tude which would place the Moon in the center of the command module optics with them at zero zero.
That's affirmative. Okay, now we're going to panel 5, and it's circuit breaker G&N, COMPUTER, MAIN B, closed.
Okay. Panel 5: CB G&N, COMPUTER, MAIN B, closed.
Okay. You're saying that I will probably get a PROGRAM 06 with a VERB 37 ENTER flashing.
Okay. Is there anything else I could get?
I don't believe so. Jack. That's one that when you get to that step, if you do get something else, we will be standing by to see ths.t you see. The whole scheme is to go to standby.
Will you be getting it on downlink?
No, sir. We don't have that powered up yet.
Okay. I'll yell to Jim, and Jim will give you a call.
Okay. The basic thing. Jack, is just to get the computer in standby to save power.
And we need another battery B readout.
Okay. He is on his way. Go ahead.
Okay. Now, we're at EI minus 2 plus 30; we're going to panel 5: circuit breaker ESSENTIAL INSTRUMENTATION, MAIN A, closed.
Okay, CB ESSENTIAL INSTRUMENTATION, MAIN A, closed.
That's correct. Now circuit breaker G&N, IMU HEATER, MAIN A, closed.
CB G&N, IMU HEATER, MAIN A, closed.
That's correct. CB LM POWER-1 and -2, open.
CB LM POMER-l and -2, open.
That's correct. CB G&N, COMPUTER, MAIN A, closed.
CB G&N, COMPUTER, MAIN A, closed.
Okay, Jack. And that's correct. I got it out of sequence. Would you put that COMPUTER, MAIN A, ahead of LM POWER?
Okay, Ken. That's CB G&N, COMPUTER, MAIN A, closed, goes before CB LM POWER-l and -2, open.
Okay. Sounds good. Volts, 39.1; amps, 1.3.
Okay. Thank you. All right, now panel 275: circuit breaker MAIN B, BATTERY BUS B, closed.
Panel 275: CB MAIN B, BAT BUS B, closed.
That's correct. Circuit breaker INVERTER POWER 1, 2, and 3, closed.
CB INVERTER POWER 1, 2, and 3, closed.
That's correct. On panel 5: circuit breaker BATTERY RELAY BUS, BATTERY A and B, closed.
CB BAT RELAY BUS, BAT A and B, closed.
That's correct. Circuit breaker INVERTER CONTROL 1, 2, and 3, closed.
CB INVERTER CONTROL 1, 2, and 3, closed.
That's correct. On panel 3: AC INVERTER 1, MAIN A.
Okay. Panel 3: AC INVERTER 1 to MAIN A.
That's correct. Now, AC INVERTER 1, AC BUS l, ON.
Okay. AC INVERTER l to AC BUS 1 to ON.
That's correct. And we're going to also put AC INVERTER 1, AC BUS 2, ON.
Okay. AC INVERTER 1 to AC BUS 2, 0N.
That's correct. Back to panel 5. Circuit breaker EPS SENSOR SIGNAL, AC 1 and 2, closed.
Stand by, Ken. I'm going to switch OMNIs here. You got cut out.
Okay. Could you repeat that, please?
Okay. On panel 5: circuit breakers EPS SENSOR SIGNAL, AC 1 and 2, closed.
Okay. CB EPS SENSOR SIGNAL, AC 1 and AC 2, closed.
That's correct. Circuit breaker EPS SENSOR UNIT, AC 1 and 2, closed.
Okay. CBS - CB EPS SENSOR UNIT, AC 1 and AC 2, closed.
That's correct. And circuit breaker CAUTION/ WARNING, MAIN A, closed.
CB CAUTION/WARNING, MAIN A, closed.
That's correct. On panel 3: AC INVERTER, AC BUS 1 and 2, RESET and back to the center.
AC INVERTER, BUS 1 and 2, RESET then center.
That's correct. On panel 225: circuit breaker FLIGHT BUS, MAIN A and MAIN B, closed.
Okay, panel - Okay, CB FLIGHT BUS, MAIN A and MAIN B, closed.
That's correct. CB CTE, MAIN A and MAIN B, closed.
CB CTE, MAIN A and MAIN B, closed.
That's correct. On panel 4: TELCOM, GROUP 1, ACl.
And TELCOM, GROUP 2, to AC2.
That's correct. On panel 3: S-BAND NORMAL, TRANSPONDER, to PRIMARY.
S-BAND NORMAL, TRANSPONDER, to PRIMARY.
That's correct. We want to take POWER, SCE, to NORMAL.
All right, and POWER, PMP, to NORMAL.
That's correct, and UP TELEMETRY, COMMAND RESET to RESET and then NORMAL.
UP TELEMETRY, COMMAND RESET to RESET, then NORMAL.
Okay. On panel 2: UP TELEMETRY, CMC, to ACCEPT.
UP TELEMETRY, CMC to ACCEPT.
On panel 275: circuit breaker FLIGHT/POSTLANDING, MAIN A and MAIN B, closed.
A panel 275: CB FLIGHT/POSTLANDING, MAIN A and MAIN B, close.
That's correct- And configure for COMM on panels 6, 9, and 10.
All right. I assume you got that. Panel 5: circuit breaker IMU, MAIN A and MAIN B, closed.
CB IMU, MAIN A and MAIN B, close.
That's correct. Circuit breaker OPTICS, MAIN A and MAIN B, closed.
Okay. CB OPTICS, MAIN A and MAIN B, close.
That's correct. CB G&N, POWER, ACl and AC2, closed.
CB G&N, POWER, ACl and AC2, close.
That's correct, and the G&N POWER switch to AC2.
Okay, G&N POWER switch to AC2.
That's correct. Now we want to perform the CMC powerup per the CSM G&C checklist, C 2-2.
Perform CMC powerup per the G&C checklist, page 2-2.
That's correct. Perform the EMS check, step 32 of the entry book, page 1-4.
Okay. Perform the EMS check per step 32 per the entry checklist. Page 1-4.
No, I've got them. They are going to give me a clock DELTA, state vector, VERB 66, two REFSMMATs, and an entry target load.
That's correct. Okay, and then we'll do - -
There isn't much else they could give me, is there, Ken?
No, not very much. How about IMU powerup according to the G&C checklist, G/2-1.
Okay. Perform IMU powerup per G&C checklist, page 2-1.
That's correct. And while you are there, you can do the optics powerup on G/2-3.
Perform the optics powerup per page 2-3.
That's correct; and on panel 229: circuit breaker TIMERS, MAIN A, closed.
Okay. Panel 229: CB TIMER, MAIN A, closed.
That's correct. And the next thing you will do will be to set the mission timer and what we've done is to only turn on the mission timer on the MDC And you'll probably have to wait here until they get through with the uplink so you can have the computer.
Okay. Set it from the CMC, huh?
That's affirm. Okay. Now, we are getting ready to start the alinement sequence, and are you familiar with the general sequence of events we're going to use. Jack?
How do you mean? We are going to make an alinement on the Moon and on the Sun; other than that - I didn't get any - I wasn't on the headset when the general information was passed up, so if there was any more than that, I didn't get it.
Okay. Basically. that is correct. Let me just run through it hand-waving-type for a minute, and then I'll read you the steps. I think it will make more sense. The scheme is that the LM can fly to a set of ball angles that will point your optics at the Moon. Now, at any time, in any attitude that we happen to be at, if you can look in the telescope and recognize star patterns sufficient that you believe you can make an alinement all on your own, that's the place we'd like to break off and let you go ahead and take over with your own alinement. However, we are giving you a procedure which will give you things we know you can see in the telescope without worrying about any reflections or anything of that nature, and it's not intended that this procedure has to be followed past the point where you know you've got good definition of star patterns in your telescope. If you need to go on, we'll maneuver, take a look at the Moon, we'll take a mark there, and then we'll maneuver with the LM/FDAI angles again and take a look at the Sun, and get yourself another mark on the Sun and that will complete the alinement. Now, the alinement scheme is that we are going to give you a set of angles that you can coarse aline the ball through when the LM is pointing you at the Moon. Now, this set of angles will agree with the REFSMMAT that you have in as a nominal REFSMMAT in you CMC. You can coarse aline to that, set a drift flag and REFSMMAT flag, and you'll have a good platform and we'll be within a couple of degrees of a good alinement. And, if we have to, we could break off at this point and go ahead with an entry; however, in an attempt- to get a good platform, we are going to have you then do a P52 option 1, and what you are going :c find in the option 1 slots in the entry REFSMMAT. You'll come up with the NOUN 22 values, and we intend to go ahead and coarse aline the ball to the entry REFSMMAT attitude, and then we'll go ahead and take marks through a normal P52 sequence. So that's the general scheme that we are going to use. If you think you have a handle on that, I will go ahead and read you the steps.
Okay. Well, let me ask a question. The LM maneuvers to a set of Moon-viewing angles. Okay, at this time, I am going to do a P52, is that right? With the planet option?
The first thing we are going to do is to coarse aline the platform and get it inertial, based on the REFSMMAT that you have in the present slot inside the CMC. We'll then go - and do a P52, option 4 - Correction, option 1.
Okay - That's after the LM gets established at the attitude. Jim says I'm here at the Moon- viewing attitude, I do a VERB 41 NOUN 20 to the set of angles that you're going to give me in the pad.
Okay. Then I enter the P52 and that's an option 3, right?
The P52 will be done as an option 1. The only reason you have the other REFSMMAT inside the computer is that in order to set the REFSMMAT flag, you need some relative orientation.
Okay. I see. I do a P52 option 1, and when do I set the REFSMMAT flag and the drift flag?
That will be before entering P52. I am going to give you this procedure in detail.
Okay. All right. Let's go at it. Maybe it'll all fall out and I won't have any questions. Go ahead.
Okay. I'm ready to start reading again. We start with a VERB 41 NOUN 20.
Okay. When the LM is in the Moon-viewing attitude, I do a VERB 41 NOUN 20, ENTER.
Okay. VERB 40 NOUN 20, ENTER when Moon is - the LM is satisfied that they're at the Moon-viewing attitude.
That's correct. Now we're going to set the REFSMMAT and drift flags according to the G&C checklist, page G/7-1, steps 3 and 4.
Okay. Set the REFSMMAT flag for G&C 7-1, steps 3 and 4.
That's correct. Now VERB 37, ENTER; 52, ENTER; option 1.
VERB 37, ENTER; 52, ENTER; option 1.
That's correct. And we'll do the coarse aline.
Okay. Perform the coarse aline function.
Okay. Now when it gets back to the mark routines, we want to take a mark on the Moon.
Okay. Mark on the Moon with the crosshairs in the center. Is that right?
That's affirmative. Okay. When that's complete, the LM will maneuver to the Sun-viewing angle for attitude. And when they get there, you take a mark on the Sun using the Sun filter and the telescope; and, again, we're marking on the center.
Okay. Now, let me ask you a question. Is the first mark on the Moon made with the - are all these made with the telescope and not the sextant?
If - I'm not sure right offhand what the angular size of the Moon is. Jack. If you can get it in the sextant, that's the best thing to do, but you may have to go into the telescope in order to define the center. Either one's acceptable.
Okay. If I can define the center through the sextant, do it that way. And if I can't, use the telescope.
That's affirmed. We know you're going to usw the telescope on the Sun.
Okay. You ready to press on?
Okay. Just reminded we owe somebody a BAT B voltage.
Okay, another volts and amps coming up.
All right. Thank you. And this left us in P52 with two marks, and we'll go ahead and torque the NOUN 93s.
Okay. ... torque the NOUN 93s, after the two marks.
Okay. So that gives us a good platform. Now the LM will maneuver to the jettison attitude, and the only thing of significance here is that you want to watch to make sure that the path they choose to go to the jettison attitude avoids girnbal lock on your own platform.
Okay. The LM maneuvers to the jettison attitude and I just monitor the maneuver and yell at Jim if he gets near a gimbal lock.
That's affirmed. Okay, and then the LM will to a MAX deadband attitude hold in the jettison attitude.
Okay. The LM goes to MAX deadband attitude hold.
Okay. Now we're ready to go back to work. The next thing we'll do is to continue to powerup procedures. Do you have any further questions on that alinement, Jack?
No. No. I think - I think it's all self-explanatory now.
Okay. The one thing that everybody would like for you to understand is we certainly don't insist on using the Moon and the Earth; if you find yon have good stars, why use them. However, this alinement is more than adequate to give us a good guided entry.
Okay. If I get a set of good stars, do I start right out to a basic P51 and a P52 option 1?
Okay. Now, we're ready to go to work on panel 275. And it starts with a circuit breaker MAIN A- -
Wait - wait just a minute. Wait just a minute. I owe you some volts and amps.
Okay. Volts are 39.4, amps, 1.25.
Okay. I thought maybe your meter was stuck before.
All right. You ready to go back to 275? Have a circuit breaker MAIN A, BAT BUS A, closed.
CB MAIN A, BAT BUS A, closed.
That's correct. And circuit breaker MAIN B, BAT C, closed.
CB MAIN Baker, BAT Charlie, closed.
Okay. That's correct. Now we're up to EI minus l plus 30. And at this time, we're going to proceed with the closeout and hatch installa- tion.
Okay. Closeout and hatch installation at EI minus 01:30.
That's right. Jack, and we're going to close the IM hatch, and we'll make the dump valve in the LM hatch closed.
Understand you're going to close the dump valve now on the LM hatch, right?
Okay. This is a change from what we had under- stood previously.
I'm - Personally, I'm happy to see it, but that's good.
Okay. That's one vote on your side. Okay; and we're going to go ahead and do the - use the deal to perform the hatch installation, and we'll start on the hatch integrity check.
Okay. Per the decal, perform the hatch installation and start on the hatch integrity check.
Okay, Ken. One thing I think that - I don't know whether anybody the decal don't take into account the fact that we still have the umbilicals connected. At what point in time should they be removed?
Okay, Jack. That doesn't matter. We're going to be separating the tunnel upstream of those umbilicals, and you can leave them right there.
Okay. Does it make any difference if we disengage - the LM - We have pulled the circuit breakers LM POWER-l and -2, so if we choose to disconnect these umbilicals, there's no harm, right?
That's right. No sweat. John Aaron's just saying that they may be hot. He's checking on it, so how about holding a decision on that and let me come back to you?
Okay. Now let me give you some plumbing switches here. Let's take the SURGE TANK OXYGEN valve to ON.
All right. Take the MAIN REGs, two, OPEN.
Okay. And the WATER AND GLYCOL TANK PRESSURE, the PRESSURE valve and the RELIEF valve to BOTH.
Okay, WATER AND GLYCOL TANKS PRESSURE and RELIEF valve to BOTH.
That's correct. And EMERGENCY CABIN PRESSURE valve to BOTH.
EMERGENCY CABIN PRESSURE to BOTH.
That's correct; and the SUIT DEMAND REGs to BOTH.
That's correct. Okay, now we're going to panel 5: circuit breaker ECS TRANSDUCERS, PRESSURE GROUP l and 2, MAIN A and MAIN B. That's four circuit breakers, closed.
ECS TRANSDUCERS, GROUP 1 and 2, MAIN A and MAIN B, four, to close.
That's correct. Okay, now. Circuit breaker ECS TRANSDUCER, TEMPERATURE, MAIN A and MAIN B, that's two of them, closed.
CB ECS TRANSDUCER, TEMPERATURE, MAIN A and MAIN B, closed.
That's correct. On panel 4: PRIMARY ECS GLYCOL PUMPS, one, to AC 1.
Primary ECS GLYCOL PUMPS to 1, ACl.
BMAG number 1 POWER to WARM UP.
That's correct. Then at EI minus 1 plus 10, we'll perform SCS powerup per checklist, page G/2-4.
Okay. Perform SCS powerup per G&C checklist, page 2-4.
That's correct. Okay, on panel 4- SU;lT COMPRES- SOR NUMBER 2 to ACl.
That's correct. SPACECRAFT CONTROL to SCS.
Okay. Arid your MANUAjj ATTITUDE switches, as you desire. We're coming up on jettison of the LM, so that's just like separation.
Okay. And we'll do a GDC aline.
Okay. On panel 8: ROTATION CONTROL POWER, DIRECT, 1 and 2, MAIN A/MAIN B.
Okay. These are circuit breakers, ROTATION CONTROL POWER, DIRECT, 1 and 2, MAIN A and MAIN B, closed.
Okay, Jack. I was thinking switch. Let me verify that's a circuit breaker, too. I think we have to get both of them.
Okay, that's correct, Jack. Okay, at EI minus 1 hour, we're going to be doing the LM jettison; so just prior to that, we want to do a P47.
Okay, say at about 1 minute prior to LM jettison, huh?
Yes, justt something that's comfortable for you.
All right, after we've done that, we want to get panel 8 SEQUENTIAL, PYR0 ARM, two of them, ON.
Okay. I get a GO from MSFN for this?
Okay, John says we can watch it.
All right; the next thing is CSM/LM FINAL SEP, two of them, ON, up.
That's correct. Now we're going back to panel 8, and it's SEQUENTIAL, PYR0 ARM, two of them, to SAFE.
Okay. SEQ PYR0 ARM, two, to SAFE.
That's correct, and go back to P00.
All right. And now it's time to configure for single ring RCS.
Okay. Configure for single ring RCS.
That's, right and since you're still an hour use MINIMUM IMPULSE or something like that rather than the DAP, at least not until you get closer down. We'll have the DAP loads for you later.
Okay. And as soon you've gotten yourself all set up with a good control mode, you want to maneuver to the entry attitude.
Maneuver to entry attitude per the pad.
That's correct. And we show EI minus 55, wchich really means when you get to the entry attitude, we have a sextant star check for you. And that will be on the pad.
Okay. Perform a sextant star check.
Okay. And I want to remind you to park the optics at 90 degress of shaft.
Okay. Say again why, Ken. I didn't understand that.
Okay. And after you've got it parked wherever you want it, well, turn the OPTICS POWER OFF and stow the optics.
Okay. OPTICS POWER, OFF; stow the optics.
Okay, that's good. Okay. The next thing we'll do is to initialize the EMS and that's on entry checklist page 2-1, step number 2.
Okay, perform EMS initialization per entry checklust page 2-1, step 2.
Okay, that's correct. Now we're coming up in EI minus 45 minutes, and we'll give you an entry pad and a final state vector.
Okay, at minus 45, entry pad and fina state vector from MSFN.
Okay. Now we're going to perform what we call the Moon check. Rather than into detail, if you already know what we're doing just say so; otherwise, I'll describe the use of the Moon-attitude set.
Maybe you better describe it.
Okay, I maneuver to the Moon check attitude; at which time I put the 36 window line on the Moon, and just prior to EI, the Earth will occult the Moon.
That's correct. And that corresponds to the same inertial attitude that you'd have on the back of your entry card where it shows the horizon attitude several minutes prior to EI; it's the same thing.
Yes, that's that one at 17 minutes prior. Okay.
Okay, and we're just getting it in a little closer. Okay, the next item on the check - checklist here is an EI minus 40; we're going to panel 7, and it's BMAG NUMBER 2 POWER to WARM UP.
Okay, panel 7: BMAG NUMBER 2 POWER to WARM UP.
That's correct. Now, I'd like to verify the SURGE TANK and REPRESS PACKAGES are ON.
Verify SURGE TANK and REPRESS PACKAGE are ON.
That's correct. On panel 5: circuit breaker ENVIRONMENTAL - CONTROL SYSTEM; WASTE WATER/ URINE DUMP HEATER, two of them, closed.
Panel 5; CB ECS, WASTE H20/URINE DUMP HEATERS, two, to close.
That's correct. SUIT COMPRESSOR number 2 to OFF.
ckay, that sounds good. 05 07 32 43 cc All right. Now we're at EI minus 30. SEQUENTIAL, LOGIC, that's two of them, to 0N, up.
EI minus 30; SEQ, LOGIC, two, ON.
okay, in panel 7: the BMAG number 2 POWER to ON.
okay, we - you only gave that 10 minutes for the warmup, huh?
An right, and FDAI POWER to BOTH.
Okay. And we want to activate the primary evaporator.
Okay, activate the primary evaporator. All this time, Ken, what've we been getting our cooling? Right now, I think we have the radiators at PULL TO BYPASS.
- - and we'll keep watching the temps, and if we need it, why we'll start the evaporator early.
Do you believe it's cold up there?
Yes, and we used to call the command module the bedroom and it's now the refrigerator.
Okay, just don't call it the reefer. Okay. At about EI minus 19, we get back into the standard entry checklist on page 2-2, where it starts with P6l.
Okay, at EI minus 19, we get back into the entry checklist at page 2-2, where we start entering P61.
We can get into the descent water for drinking, huh?
Jim would like to know whether the descent water will be good until LM jettison?
Okay, Jack. Looks like we're going to go on the ascent, tanks at 128:30. And it looks like - -
Okay, understand. We are going - -
- - you have plenty of water. I'm sorry we cut each other out; say again.
Okay, yes. I was going to say, understand we're going to go on the ascent tanks at 128:30.
That's right; based on the current rate, that's what they predict and you can go ahead and drink the water. No sweat.
Okay, real fine. And I've got the entry checklist out and I'm ready to copy; just give me the page.
Okay. Jack, you're starting to sound like an LMP.
I think I'm probably the only CMP that's ever witnessed an - a LM burn from inside the LM in - in space flight.
(Laughter) I hope it stays that way. Okay, Jack, we're starting on page 1-1.
Okay, down in the middle of the page on line 9, we're just going to strike out the "Activate VHF for COMM checks," and line 10, "Verify the DSE." We're going to leave the DSE OFF, and that's to save power, as is the VHF activation.
Okay, on page 1-2. At minus 2 hours, there's a title "Logic sequence" check; and we're deleting that entire sequence; that's included in what I read up to you.
Okay, delete the logic sequence check at minus 2 hours there.
That's correct. And delete lines 23, 24, and 25. That means a maneuver to SUPERCIRC entry attitude. Everything below that is deleted.
Okay. Delete lines 23 through 28.
That's correct. You got ahead of me. All right, on line 29 on page 1-3, we're going to put in a time of minus 00:55. That's the time we gave you for the boresight check.
That's your sextant check, really.
Okay, on the top of page l-4; where it said "l hour and 15 minutes" next to line 32, we're going to change that to "Minus 2 hours and 30 minutes."
Okay, minus 02:30 opposite item 32.
And, after we go EMS MODE to STANDBY, like for you to add "Circuit breaker EMS, two, to open."
Okay, "CB EMS, two, to open."
That's correct. And we want to delete this "Set up camera" that's listed on the bottom of the page. We're deleting that for power reasons. That's line 33 Alfa.
Okay, we're way ahead of you- We already got it stowed.
Okay. On the top of the next page where it says "Secondary water EVAP," just keep in mind we don't plan to use the secondary evaporators un- less the primary fails. On line 35 on page 1-5, next to "Command module RCS preheat," the time is now "Minus 06:30."
Okay, "minus 06:30," and the voltage reading 3.9 still is good, right?
All right, still on page 1-5, line 37; the time is now "Minus 06:10."
Okay, and this is one time it looks like we might actually do the preheat, so that's the reason we want to make sure that we know that not more than 20 minutes of time on the preheat. We may not be able to watch it at that time because you aren't powered up.
Okay. Either 20 minutes or until 3.9 volts DC.
Okay. After that step on panel 275, strike out "CB MAIN A, BAT C; CB MAIN B, BAT C; and DC INDICATORS to MAIN B."
That's correct. Now under panel 8, it tells you to "Close all circuit breakers EXCEPT," and I have four additions. The first one is CB SERVICE MODULE RCS HEATERS, QUAD Charlie, MAIN B, open.
SERVICE MODULE RCS HEATERS, QUAD Charlie, MAIN Baker, open.
Okay. And the same thing for SERVICE MODULE RCS HEATERS, QUAD Delta, MAIN A, open.
SRVlCE MODULE RCS HEATERS, QUAD Delta, MAIN A, open.
That's correct. And Circuit breaker EMS, that's two of them, open.
All right. And the last is the circuit breakers for SPS GAGING, four of them, open.
Okay. And how about our readout on the battery and that charger?
Okay, BAT's at volts and amps.
That's affirmed. And let's go back to page l-6, line 41. Let's put in a time "Minus 04:40."
That's correct. On page 2-1, line number 2, put in a time of "Minus 55 minutes."
Okay. And the first thing you want to do under "EMS initialization," is circuit breakers EMS, that's two of them, to close.
Okay. CB EMS, two, to close.
That's correct. All right. Line 4 or step 4, where it shows "CM RCS check." That occurs at minus 04:30.
All right. Under "CM RCS checks," the fourth line down says "MANUAL ATTITUDE, three, to MINIMUM IMPULSE." We'll have to use "ACCEL COMMAND" and the reason for that, Jack, is we don't have the SPS powered up so there's no minimum impulse generator.
Okay. MANUAL ATTITUDE, three, to ACCEL COMMAND.
That's correct. And on the same page 2-l, strike out the last three lines, starting with "RCS transfer to service module."
Right. The last three lines are scratched out. We ain't got one of those things.
That's correct. Okay, let's flip to page 2-2 and strike out the first two lines.
Okay. Now wait a second. I need to give you volts and amps. Ken.
Sounds like you're getting there. Okay. I believe we scratched out the first two lines on 2-2. Now, we're - right below that, it says "Separation checklist." So we're going to just delete that whole thing; it's included in the notes I gave you.
Okay. It's included in the notations.
All right. Line number 7. It says "Maneuver to horizon check attitude." We're going to call this the "Moon-check attitude" and this is the one we discussed. Jack. The angle of 265 is not correct. I'll have one of those for you first thing in the morning.
Okay. And at the bottom of the page, step number 1. That will be at EI minus 19 minutes, and we're off and running through a normal sequence of events.
Okay. That sounds good. Ken, I guess if you've read this thing - Is it a comfortable time line? Any areas where you had problems with?
Hey, that would be good - that would be good. Ken.
Okay, Ken. And G&C checklist now?
Let me finish a couple more things in the entry book. You still got that?
Okay. Delete item 5 down to the point where it says "Minus 15 minutes."
Okay. When COMM is lost, SCE POWER OFF, PMP POWER OFF.
That's correct. Jack, and that completes the entry checklist. Let's look at the G&C book.
Okay, Jack. The second line under "IMU powerup" says "FDAI POWER to BOTH," and we're going to make that a "l." The reason we're doing that is, again, to conserve power. There's no reason to drive the second FDAI before we get that information to put on it.
All right. That's correct. On page 2-2.
Okay. You want me to go to VERB 37, ENTER; 00, ENTER; and then do a VERB 96?
When you come up, I guess you're going to - once you get the CMC powered up, you're probably going to be going - you're going to come up in a flashng 37, and if you'll just do a VERB 96, ENTER right there, that will take care of it.
All right. And the last one I have for you is on page 2-4.
That's correct. You've got them all, Jack. Very good. Thank you.
Thank you. This does it, huh?
All right, sir. Okay, Jack, and they'd like us to stand by just a second.
Jack, would you get the BATTERY CHARGER, OFF, please. And we'll send you - -
- - the rest of that procedure later.
You mean there's more? Okay, in work. BATTERY CHARGER is going OFF.
Okay, Vance. Okay - I don't think you've given me the backout procedure, have you, for the battery chargers?
That's negative. Wait. All we want to do. Jack, is say BATTERY CHARGE OFF at the moment. We'll complete that procedure as soon as you are through with Ken completely.
Okay, Vance. The BATTERY CHARGER's OFF, and I'm ready to continue with Ken.
Okay, Jack. And we'll get the backout to you after that.
Okay. We did run the thing integrated, so we think we've got all the little surprises ironed out for you.
I hope so because tomorrow is examination time.
Appreciate the work you've done, and Jack says that it's going to be hard to beat his record about saving SM RCS fuel all the way there and back.
Some people will do anything to set a record.
Hey, Jim, you even did good on service module fuel this time.
Yes. We're coming back with a full [???] of both RCS ans SPS, that's - That's pretty much of a record.
Okay. Did you want to put fred-o on, cr somebody to copy the LM - the LM side of the house?
Hey, Jack. Don't wake him up yet. Stand by 1.
Hey, Jack. We'll give you this battery charging backout procedure, and then Deke says you ought to get some sleep. You're going to need it tomorrow.
Okay. I'm ready to copy/ the backout procedure.
Okay. BAT CHARGE, OFF; AC INVERTER 2 tc OFF?; MAIN BUS TIE, BAT B/C to on, up. Panel 250: BAT A, P0WER ENTRY AND POSTLANDING, open; CB, BAT B, POWER ENTRY and POSTLANDING, open. Panel 5: CB BAT CHARGER, BAT B CHARGED, open.
Okay. That's correct. Now, that gets you back to the place where you can back out of the - the big battery charging procedure, which you have. And I - I think you have the backout procedure for that, but I'd like to check with you.
Okay, Jack. Do you have that backout procedure in your hand there?
Okay. Just to verity. It starts out panel 3, BATTERY CHARGE switch, OFF; AC INVERTER 2, OFF; panel 5, MAIN BUS TIE, BAT A/C, on, up, et cetera.
Roger. Continues CB BAT A, POWER ENTRY/ POSTLANDING, open; INVERTER POWER 2, MAIN B, open; and then you reverse the steps that yen had for entering the procedure.
Okay. DESCENT WATER valve, CLOSE. ASCENT WATER valve to CLOSE, and WATER TANK SELECT valve to ASCENT.
Okay, Vance. DESCENT WATER valve, closed; ASCENT WATER valve, closed; and WATER SELECT TANK to ASCENT. Is that correct?
WATER TANK SELECT valve, ASCENT. That's correct, Jim.
And we'll proceed with that right now, and how about still drinking descent water?
Jim, we understand that you should he able to continue drinking it.
Okay. We switched to ascent water, but we'll probably have to have the descent water valve back open up again to drink water.
That's affirm. That's the one thing you'll have to do is, whenever you want to drink out of the descent tank, is open the descent valve - the DESCENT WATER valve momentarily.
Okay. And we are now on ascent water.
Okay; okay. And I need Jack back again, please.
Okay, Vance. I'm here, and you have something in the systems checklist.
That's right. Refer to S/2-6. This - Really what we're talking about. Jack, is the hatch integrity check decal. And I think it'll be easiest, if you'll open to S/2-6 and I explain it to you.
Okay, Vance. I'm ready to copy.
Okay. You want me to delete "For 30 seconds."
That's affirm. And the two lines below "30 seconds." And actually the part of the fourth line there, which is "8-1/2 minutes."
Stand by. Can you read okay?
Okay. Delete the two lines below that, or the two-and-a-half lines below that, also.
That's affirm. And now, we have an addition to put in place of what we deleted. Stand by 1; the COMM's bad. How do you read?
Okay. We want you to vent - tunnel vent until, and add the following, "Until LM/CM DELTA-P is equal to 3.0 psid."
Okay. "Until LM/CM DELTA-P equals 3.0."
Okay. And that means that you'll have a pressure of 1.5 to 2 in the tunnel, absolute. That's - -
Jack, that's what we want to end up with ultimately is 1-1/2 to 2 there in that tunnel and depending on the gage reading, bit that should be about 3.
Okay. Delete the section that says "Before undocking only" down to where it says "TUNNEL VENT VALVE to TUNNEL VENT."
Well, through that. Leave "TUNNEL LIGHTS OFF" is the only step remaining.
Roger. And just - That's a verify.
Okay. I think that's all, but we're polling the house here to see if there's another comment for you. Stand by.
Jack, that's it. Unless you have any more questions, why, everyone is hoping you'll hit the sack and get some rest.
Okay. You want that battery backout procedure now to take that - to complete the remaining steps?
That's affirm. Jack. We request that you go ahead and finish out the backout completely until you get to square 1. Over.
Do you have any more updates for us?
We've still got a LM update, but we strongly recommend that you and Jack work as hard as you can sleeping for about the next 5 hours. Fred can handle it.
Okay. That's what we'll do. We'll put Fred on watch here, and Jack and I will take it easy, and if Fred copies the LM update, well, then we'll all start from fresh in the morning.
All right, go ahead, Vance.
Okay. You want the - again a look at the docking tunnel Index?
Why don't you go ahead and look at that - -
Okay. Jim says the docking tunnel index is a plus 2.1 degrees.
Okay. Plus 2.1 degrees, docking tunnel index.
Okay. He corrects himself. He says make that sign a minus. Minus 2.1 degrees.
Okay. We just changed, plus to minus.
Okay. And your second item was, we can drink all of that, descent water that's left - looks like about 5 percent, and I'll get a book here and be ready to start writing.
Okay. Get - This won't be as long as - as the one T. K. read up, but you'll need several pages, probably.
Okay. I've got lots of pages here of Ken's photo log set to go.
Okay, Fred-o. Okay. This is "Entry, LM PREP." Starts EI minus 6 hours. At that time, you power up the AGS. I think I'll give you a line at a time and, when I hear you say okay on that, I'll to to the next. That sound reasonable?
Okay. I'll go hot mike briefly.
Okay. I read you okay, Fred. Okay. Battery 5 - -
Battery 5 NORMAL FEED ON is the first step.
Okay, Vance. That - Go ahead.
Okay. Use modified LM DPS/RCS 30-minute activation checklist.
EI minus 5 hours. Midcourse-7, if required. Next: LM preentry procedure. And, Fred, the time on LM preentry procedure is just - -
Okay. The time on the LM preentry procedure is just as soon as you finish midcourse-7, or 5 hours -
All right, go ahead, Vance.
Okay. I've got this TEI minus 5 hours, MCC-7 if required, and now you're going to start me a new procedure called LM preentry procedure. Go ahead.
Roger. Maneuver to SM SEP attitude. Configure for CSM hot fire.
Under that, DEADBAND, MAX; and ATTITUDE CONTROL, three, to PULSE.
Perform CSM hotfire. Maneuver back to SM SEP attitude.
And under that, ATTITUDE CONTROL, PITCH and ROLL, PULSE; YAW, MODE CONTROL.
Okay. Next, EI minus 4 hours, 30 minutes. Configure for CM/SM SEP.
That was EI - EI minus 4-1/2?
Okay. That's EI minus 4-1/2 hours, configure for SM SEP.
That's affirm, and under that, BALANCE COUPLE, ON.
AGS 404, plus 0; 405, plus 0; 406, plus 0; and 470, read out.
Translate plus-X at 0.5 feet per second.
Okay. 05 08 32 32 CC Then CM/SM SEP. After SEP, null 470
ATTITUDE CONTROL, three of them, to PULSE.
Pitch to acquire service module for photos.
Okay. Note: use ACA for control.
Okay. We can use the ACA now for control.
Roger. EI minus 3 hours, maneuver and ATT HOLD for Moon view, attitude - -
Wait a minute. Was that maneuver in ATT HOLD for Moon view. Is that right?
For - That's affirm. - For Moon view attitude until CM platform release.
Okay. It says maneuver in ATT HOLD for Moon view attitude until CM platform release.
That's affirm. Better worded, it would have been maneuver and hold in attitude for Moon view, et cetera.
Okay. That's mainly for Jack to be able to get it in the optics, you mean. 05 08 36 08 CC Yes, that's correct. Okay, Fred -
Could you give us a readback on everything up to this point?
Okay. I'll go back to NORMAL VOICE. It might - Or is this pretty clear?
That's correct so far, Fred-o.
Okay, Fred. Only - Only a minor point that we just picked up. At the very top, EI minus 6 hours, the title is "power up," above BAT 5 NORMAL FEED, ON.
Okay. The title above BAT 5 NORMAL FEED, ON, is "power up."
Okay. And on the last, it was maneuver and ATT HOLD for Moon view attitude until CM platform release. I think that's what you read. Okay. Ready to go on? EI minus - Are you there?
Okay. Next is - Okay. Next is TEI minus what, Vance?
It's - It's EI minus 2-1/2 hours, Fred.
Okay. The title, "Power removal from CM LM umbilical."
Okay. "Power removal from CM LM umbilical."
That's correct. Next, assumes - This assumes all descent batteries on line.
Okay. I'll put that as a note.
And ASCENT BATTERIES 5 and 6 on NORMAL FEED.
Okay. This assumes all descent BATs on line, and ASCENT BATs 5 and 6 on NORMAL FEED. Go ahead.
Roger. Next, CSM CB LM POWER 1, MAIN B to open.
Okay. CSM, CB LM POWER 1, MAIN B, open.
Next. CB, LM POWER 2, MAIN B, open.
Okay. CSM, CB LM POWER 2, MAIN B, open.
CB EPS SENSOR SIGNAL, MAIN B to open.
Okay. CB EPS SENSOR SIGNAL, MAIN B, open.
Okay. Next, the LM. C3, EPS panels 11 and l6, CROSS TIE BALANCE LOADS to close.
Okay. On the LM side now. CB EPS 11, panels 11 and 16, CROSS TIE BAL LOADS, close.
That's correct. Next, CB EPS panel 16, 3AT FEED TIE, two of them, open.
Okay. LM, CB EPS, panel 16, BAT FEED TIE, two, open.
Okay. CB EPS 16, ASCENT ECA CONTROL to close.
Okay. CB EPS panel 16, ASCENT ECA CONTROL, close.
Correct. BATTERY 1, HI VOLT - HIGH VOLTAGE to OFF/RESET.
Okay. BATTERY 1, HI VOLT, OFF/RESET.
Okay. BATTERY 5, HI VOLT - or, it should be BATTERY 5 NORMAL FEED to OFF/RESET.
Yes. I think that's what he meant.
Okay. We mean BATTERY 5 to OFF/RESET.
BATTERY 5, NORMAL FEED - NORMAL FEED, OFF/RESET. Got you.
Okay. BAT 2, LOW VOLTAGE, OFF/RESET then ON.
Okay. BATTERY 2, LOW VOLT, OFF/RESET, then ON.
Next. BAT 2, HI VOLT, OFF/RESET, then ON.
Okay. You still there, Vance?
Roger. I didn't catch your readback, Fred.
Oh, okay. The last item was item 9, and that was BAT 2, LOW VOLT, OFF/RESET, then ON.
Roger. After that, I gave another one. BAT 2, HI VOLT, OFF/RESET, then ON.
Okay. BAT 2, HI VOLT, OFF/RESET, then ON.
Correct. BAT 1, HI VOLT, ON.
Okay. BAT 5, NORMAL FEED, ON.
CB, EPS, 16, BAT FEED TIE, two of them, closed.
Okay. CB, EPS, 16, BAT FEED TIE, two, closed.
Roger. Next. The LMP should transfer to the CM.
Okay. I'll underline that one. LMP transfer to CM.
Okay. And just before LMP transfer to CM, we'd like to have you add another step, Fred. That is - -
That is, CB, EPS, ASCENT ECA CONTROL, open.
Okay. You want CB - CB, EPS, that's on 16, I assume, ASCENT ECA CONTROL, open.
Affirm. Okay. This is EI minus 1 hour 45 minutes, next.
Okay. Maneuver to CM LM JETT attitude.
And you'll have a pad for that attitude.
Okay. Maneuver to CM LM JETT attitude.
That's affirm. Matter of fact. Jack has a listing of your pads there, Fred-o, so you can review them after this is over.
EI minus 1 hour 35 minutes. Configure - -
That's correct. Configure for jettison.
Okay. Next, the COMM configuration. S-BAND, PM, PRIM.
Okay. Next, COMM configuration.
This is for the command module?
Negative. The step above for CM free was command module, but the COMM is for LM again.
okay. Go ahead. 05 08 54 01 Gc Okay. S-BAND, PM, PRIMARY, PRIMARY again, 0FF, PCM, RANGE, OFF, and HI.
Okay. Our S-BAND CONFIG is: PM, PRIM, PRIM, OFF, PCM, RANGE, OFF, HI.
Do you have any druthers about which OMNI?
Select - Did you say AFT, or best?
Okay. I was wondering if that's still going to be best after it leaves - But, okay. Select best OMNI at the time. 05 08 55 43 cc That's affirm. Okay. We've covered COMM Fred Next, ECS. 05 08 56 01 IMP Okay. Go ahead.
Okay. Under ECS, FORWARD DUMP valve, close.
Okay. FORWARD DUMP valve, close.
SUIT CIRCUIT RELIEF to AUTO.
SUIT ISOLATION valves, two of them, DISCONNECT.
Ookay. ISO valves, two, to SUIT DISCONNECT.
Roger. PRESSURE REGs A and B, close.
How many more steps, Vance?
Maybe you need a scroll, yet.
I want to ask him why all these steps just to get rid of a LM that's going to burn up in a half hour. Seems ridiculous. God damn it. Too many guys
Okay. The last one was SUIT FAN, OFF. Hey, Jim, Deke said he thought you were asleep.
Okay. All these steps woke me up.
Okay. We'll try to be quieter. Except I don't know how. Okay, Fred-o - -
Okay. Circuit breakers, panel - circuit breaker panel 16 rather. ECS, CABIN REPRESS to open.
Okay. CB panel 16, ECS, CABIN REPRESS, open.
Roger. OVERHEAD DUMP VALVE, closed. Maybe Jim has a point there, though.
Yes. OVERHEAD DUMP VALVE close, and it is already
Right. Okay. That's all for the ECS. Next, ATTITUDE CONTROL, three, to MODE CONTROL.
Oh, stand by l, Fred. We'd like to - change the position of that ATTITUDE CONTROL, three, MODE CONTROL to be just under CM free. That's a more convenient time.
Yes, I agree. Okay. Under, it'll be my item B, after verify CM free, it's ATT CONTROL, three, to MODE CONTROL.
And, along with that, DEADBAND, MAX.
Okay. Three to MODE CONTROL, comma, DEADBAND to MAX. 05 09 02 18 CC Next verify
If I don't sound too clear, it's because I'm holding a flashlight between my teeth.
Okay. 05 09 02 35 CC Okay. Now
Okay. I think I'm - I'm up with you. Go ahead, Vance.
Okay. Now again down at the bottom beneath ECS, verify transfer list.
Okay. Verify transfer list.
What was that - What was the first part of that?
Transfer yourself to the CM. Or rather, IVT, that's the commander to the CM, and close hatch.
Actually, it's commander transfer to CM and you mean close hatches. Plural, right?
Okay. That's all for the time line, Fred. Now the contingency checklist, if it's handy.
Turn to 30-minute activation on page 24.
Okay. Now, at this point, you have this section marked up already, so what I give you now represents additional DELTAS to your previously marked up checklist.
Okay. That's all right. I've got a different color pen, so it'll show up nicely. Go ahead.
Okay. Okay. Go down to item 4.
Verify AGS STATUS switch, OFF. That's an addition.
Do you mean, under IVT to the LM, number 4, RCS SYSTEM A/B-2, QUADs 4, AUTO? That 4?
That's affirm. Yes. It's the - the only 4 on that page 24 and it's a - presently has after it RCS SYSTEM A/B-2, QUADs, 4, to AUTO. Under that put - -
- - put verify AGS STATUS switch to OFF.
Okay. Verify AGS STATUS switch OFF.
Okay. At the bottom of the page - Okay. You already have that. MODE CONTROL, both, OFF.
Okay. Next, page 26, circuit breakers.
Okay. First row is okay as is. Second row, under FLIGHT DISPLAYS, GASTA should be closed.
Under AC BUS A, close GASTA.
Okay. GASTA FLIGHT DISPLAYS and AC BUS A will be closed.
Roger. That's all on the second line. How the third line, under STABILITY and CONTROL, ATCA (PGNS) to closed.
Okay. ATCA (PGNS) to close.
That's all on that line. Fourth line, near the right side, LGC STANDBY to close. And - -
Wait a minute. You mean LGC/DSKY.
Okay, Vance. IMU OPERATE, close.
That's correct. Okay. Fourth row is okay as is. Now we would like to add - add in a late arrival to row two. Under - -
Under FLIGHT DISPLAYS, MISSION TIMER, closed.
Okay. FLIGHT DISPLAYS, MISSION TIMER, closed. We can look at the ghosties right to the end.
Yes, that's right. Okay. That's all for that page, Fred. That should add up to six circuit breakers all closed, on that page.
Have we looked seriously now at just the essential things required to make a safe LM jettison? We're not - I don't think we have the time to really do any engineering data that people might want to look at as this thing goes into the atmosphere.
Well, Jim. I - I think that that was what every- body aimed for, and people down here feel that it's the essentials, that it's what you need.
Well, we'll do everything you think is essential, but I just don't want to be throwing switches at the last minute. What we're really thinking about, getting that command module in good shape.
Hey, Jim. This is Tom. The only reason we're bringing up the PGNS is to have another reference system just to control the LM when you jettison the thing. Over.
Okay. Okay, Tom. It's - I thought the - an AGS ATT HOLD would have been sufficient for this, when we first thought about this.
Yes. I agree. But we decided just in case we have any glitch with the AGS, we want to make sure we get that LM off in a good shape. And I agree with you on keeping out all the garbage on it.
Hey, would you like to have - -
Would you like to have us play you some guitar music to put you to sleep?
(Laughter) Oh, you know how to get a guy.
We'll even have a 12-string guitar for you, Jimbo.
Okay. I'm looking at panel 16 now.
No - No changes to panel - -
Right. Okay. At the top of the page, under step 4, just above "VHF/S-band activation," put in, "Delete POWER AMP and LGC." These are caution lights.
Okay. You mean delete PREAMP.
Okay. Under "VHF/S-band activation and checkout," step 2, we have changes to the COMM as follows.
Okay. Scratch - Scratch out the DOWN and DOWN VOICE. That leaves - That'll give you VOICE.
Okay. That's the way we had it last time.
Okay. And, we'd like to insert RANGING.
Okay. Instead of OFF/RESET put RANGING.
Okay. Under "PGNS turn-on," add in steps 1 and 2 again, which are NO ATTITUDE light off, VERB 96 ENTER, and set EVENT TIMER.
Okay. Steps 1 and 2 back in.
That's affirm. And underneath "Set EVENT TIMER," add the following: VERB 25 NOUN 07, ENTER; 1257, ENTER.
Okay. If you got the 1257, ENTER, then 252, ENTER and ENTER.
Okay. After event, set EVENT TIMER, it's VERB 25 NOUN 07, ENTER; 1257, ENTER; 252 ENTER; ENTER.
Roger. And this activates your upfiring jets.
Roger. What this does, Fred, is activate upfiring jets.
They're all - actually, all vertical jets.
Okay. Next, same page, under "DAP set gimbal drive," go to step 2. Okay. Add in after NOUN 46, 32021.
Okay. Proceeding on down below the NOUN 47, to the PROCEED, insert VERB 34, ENTER, after the PROCEED. And that would come before the NOUN 48.
Okay. To PRO and then do a VERB 34.
Roger. Okay. We have some noise here, Fred. Stand by a minute.
I switched OMNIs. How's that?
Hey, that helped. Okay. No changes now on 29, 30, and 31. Next page is 32.
Okay. At the very first step above "GUIDANCE CONTROL, AGS," put in VERB 76, ENTER.
Okay. Below "GUIDANCE CONTROL, AGS," the third step should be changed to be MODE CONTROL, both, to ATT HOLD.
Okay. You want MODE CONTROL, both, to ATT HOLD.
Okay. At minus 6-6 hours - or 6 minutes rather, under MODE CONTROL, PGNS, ATT HOLD, which was scratched out, insert VERB 41 NOUN 20, ENTER, and three more ENTERs. So - So it's as shown in your procedure there.
Below that, put in DEDA, 400 plus 5.
Okay. Okay. We want back in again the next step which is "At burn attitude: VERB 40 NOUN 20, ENTER."
Okay. Proceeding on down, delete "At burn attitude" and the step above it, which is 400 plus 5.
plus 5 and the "at burn attitude."
Okay. That's all for page 32, Fred. Next, page 33.
Okay. Under 4 minutes, minus 4 minutes, add back in MODE CONTROL, both, to ATT HOLD.
Okay. MODE CONTROL, both, to ATT HOLD.
Okay. Two steps below that, add back in TTCA COMMANDER THROTTLE MIN DPS, and add in DPS.
TTC - Yes. Seems like you should be in JETS, since this is going to be - is this going to be RCS or a DPS burn?
Okay. This will be JETS for RCS and THROTTLE for DPS.
What I don't understand is, what is this MCC likely to be? I thought it was going to be an RCS.
Well, we - We expect that, but we're remaining flexible.
(Laughter) Okay. Okay. I'll put in TTCA THROTTLE MIN for DPS, JETS for RCS.
That's correct. Okay. That's all on page 33. Go to page 4.
Okay. Beneath everything on that page, add in the following. Return to "Entry, - LM PREP" check - return to "Entry, LM PREP" checklist - -
Hold on, Vance; I don't understand. We want to delete everything on page 34?
No, that's not correct, Fred. What we want to do is leave everything the way it is on 34, and add this one comment I'm giving you at the - at the bottom of it.
Oh, okay. Okay. I misunderstood. Okay. Go ahead with your added comment.
Return to "Entry LM PREP checklist."
... turn to - return to "Entry, LM checklist?"
That's affirm. At EI minus 5 hours.
Okay. At EI minus 5 hours. Let me take a look and see how that flows, now.
Okay. And also you have a - -
Okay. That would be the LM - the LM preentry procedure. Yes. Okay.
That's correct, and, also on that page, you - from our last correct - or addition exercise, you have a section called "Reestablish PTC." We'd like to scratch all of that, of course.
Okay, Fred. That's all except for one comment that we have, and - Just a second.
Stand by 1. Fred, we're polling the room for comments here, any last minute thoughts from people. We'll be right back with you.
Okay, Fred. Just two changes, comments to what we just gave you. The first is near the front at EI - in the section under "EI minus 2-1/2 hours," power removal from CM LM umbilical." We'll let you turn to that.
Okay, I'm there at "EI minus 2-1/2 hours, power removal CM LM umbilical."
Okay. After BAT 2, LOW VOLTAGE, OFF/RESET, I'll - then ON, I'll wait for a MSFN GO before proceeding.
Right-o. Okay. Next, at - Under the section of "EI minus 1 hour and 45 minutes" - No, change that. Correction, "EI minus 1 hour, 35 minutes," refer to the ECS section, and we have a change.
All. right. Go ahead, Vance.
Okay, Jim's right. We should cross out all this stuff with a couple of exceptions . FORWARD DUMP valve, closed, the first step, should remain. All other steps should be scratched, except for the last one, which is OVERHEAD DUMP valve, closed. That leaves two steps.
Okay. Under ECS, we delete all except the first step, FORWARD DUMP valve, close, and step 10, which is OVERHEAD DUMP valve, closed, and leave in verify transfer list .
That's affirm. Leave in what follows, which is verify transfer list and IVT and all that.
IVT, of course, meaning CDR transferring to the CM.
Okay, Fred-o. That's - That's the changes. Not quite as extensive as the CSM had, but still pretty long. Any comments or questions to the house here?
No, it looks pretty good to me, Vance.
Okay. Very good. Only other comment, aside from the checklist, we've been watching your descent stage water, and it looks - or your ascent stage water, and it looks real good.
Okay, Fred. We're going to try to refrain from calling you from now on, so that you can maybe get a couple of winks. We're getting a status around the room first, to see if anybody has any comments for you and, after that, we'll try to leave you alone for awhile.
Okay. We polled the room. We don't have much for you. Only comments as follows: your consumables are looking good; your entry gamma right now is minus 6.01. We're expecting a midcourse of 2.81 foot per second which should be about 21 seconds of RCS.
Okay, Fred. See you in the morning.
Aquarius, Houston. Request you open the POWER AMPLIFIER circuit breaker and DOWN VOICE BACKUP, please.
Fred, in a couple of minutes we're going to hand over the Honeysuckle, so there'll be - Our uplink will be terminated. We'll contact you when we get it back.
After that, I've got a couple minutes of work for you.
Let's wait until after the handover.
Yes, I'm hearing you loud and clear. How me, Fred? 05 12 30 28 LMP
Okay. We want to get some ranging data on you for about 15 minutes. So close the POWER AMPLIFIER circuit breaker and go to NORMAL VOICE, please.
Okay. You ought to have it now. Jack.
Okay. You're coming through good now, Fred. I've got three DELTAs to the checklist. They're minor changes. I'd like to pass them along now. One of them is to the CSM checklist. So if you'll pick that up, I'll give it to you.
Is it the one Jack wrote them all in? The big long readout? He also wrote something in the G&N book.
It's in the big, long one he wrote out at about EI minus 02:30. EMS entry check.
Okay. He's coming back down with it.
Meanwhile, Fred, I've got two for you on the LM PREP checklist.
Okay. Jack's here now. I'll hand it to him.
Hello, Aquarius. I've got a couple of changes for you on your CSM checklist.
Okay. You're going to delete between 2 hours and 30 minutes and 02:15 there, and you're going to add it, if there is time, only if there is time, at EI minus 1 hour where the EMS initialization occurs.
That's right. You got it correctly. Okay, Jack. One other item. Just before EI minus 2 hours and 15 minutes, we need an E-memory dump VERB 74 ENTER. Over.
Okay. Stand by 1, would you, please?
Okay. Right before 2 hours and 15 minutes, I assume that's before MS'?N gives their P27 update, I do a VERB 74. Right?
How much sleep did you get, Jack?
Oh, I guess - Stand by. I guess maybe 2 or 3 hours. It was awful cold, and it wasn't very good sleep.
Roger. You plan to try to get any more?
Well, if I - If I get everything done, I'll try, but I tell you, it's almost impossible to sleep. All of us have that same problem. It's just too cold to sleep.
Roger. The way we're looking at it, looks like you ought to have a couple 3 hours here before you have to really get with it.
We'll - we'll take it easy, but I - and we'll try to sleep, but it's just awful cold.
Present data indicates that your entry angle is minus 6.03 degrees. Your DELTA-V at the midcourse is going to 2.8 feet a second.
Jack, this is Jim. I understand this is going to be an RCS burn.
That's affirmative, Jim. It's going to be an RCS burn.
And we need the SUIT CIRCUIT RELIEF valve back to AUTO. Correction, back to CLOSE.
Hey, Jack. The LM checklist is just for infor- mation to Jim. It's just to tell him that - that you're changing back to command module power. Your checklist is correct. Over.
Okay. And when do you figure that you'll be sending up the pads that you have?
Okay. That's the way we planned on it. We'll let Jack do his three and then he'll tell us when we're GO from there. What pages are those changes on?
Roger. That's where I've got a remark here to check with you to see if it's all right to proceed.
Roger. And that would be just after, on panel 16, you opening ASCENT ECA CONTROL breakers.
The confusing thing is, Jack, where they told me to wait for MSFN GO before proceeding was that BAT 2 LOW VOLTS OFF/RESET, then ON.
Okay. After the last step then, I'm free to disconnect.
Okay. After the FORWARD DUMP valve, add a step in that says the DESCENT OX valve, off.
Okay, Fred. That concludes the DELTAs. And perhaps you heard that our GAMMAs are still minus 6.03 and our DELTA-V will be a 2.8-foot-per-second RCS burn.
Fred-o, we've got one more change we'd like to give you to clarify a question that Jack asked earlier. At EI minus 02:30 - -
Okay. Hold on a minute. Jack. I meant to call Jack back down. I'm not familiar with the previous discussion.
Negative. This is on your checklist.
Okay. Delete the third step.
And, Aquarius, for your information, as far as our water supply is concerned, including our plans for powerup, we have an additional 18 hours of water remaining from this point.
Okay. Eighteen hours of water remaining from this point. Jack.
Roger. We won't. The chairman of the CPCB is still active, and one thing we're trying to do is to save you all the time we can between EI minus 02:30 and 1 hour.
That's affirm. That's a real important time.
I concur. I think for reentry we don't have to have a real accurate platform, but I haven't told Jack that.
Well, I hadn't brought that up. We might - We might consider it.
Wish we could figure a way to get a hot cup of coffee up to you. It'd probably taste pretty good about now, wouldn't it?
Hang in there. It won't be long now.
Yes. That's right. As a matter of fact, doing this alinement on the Earth this time will be like making a landing with a fogged-up windshield.
Okay. If I understand you correctly, then that gives me leeway to maneuver when we get up to activation complete, and we can be in position for the burn, but we will not burn. We don't have a pad anyway.
That's affirm, Jim. You could maneuver to burn attitude, or you could maneuver to an attitude which should put the Sun in the windows to warm the place up.
Sounds good, and you're sure we have plenty of electrical power to do this?
That's affirmative. We've got plenty of power- to do it. I can get you a number, though.
Jim, you've got about 100-percent margins on everything from here on in.
Roger. That's in the LM. We're not talking about the CSM right now.
Okay. Question. This short turnon step 3 on page 24 has us only turning on the RCS SYSTEM A/B, two quads, and the breakers are still out on panel 11. Did you want those in, too, or are we just going to use one set of heaters?
Aquarius, Houston. Go as the checklist recommends for now. When you get into the circuit breaker panel configuration, you're going to get the number 1 set of heaters on anyway.
Okay, Houston. We'd like to get a hack to set our mission timer here, Jack.
Okay, Fred-o. Set it at 133:35 straight up. You've got about 30 seconds to set it.
Okay. I'll give you the 2-second delay in there. Stand by to start.
Okay. I'm counting 133:35:10.
Aquarius, Houston. One other way to warm things up in a hurry in there is when you get your AC on to turn on the window heaters.
Okay. I guess the only question I have is what it's liable to do to us with the - looks like almost a frost on it now.
Understand this. Jack. I'd like to let it maybe warm up just a little bit more before hitting it with the heat load. 05 13 36 33 CO Not a bad idea.
And, as you can see, Houston, at turnon we got our old friend downlink 2 back.
Roger. We're seeing it, Fred.
Aquarius, Houston. It looks like you're proceeding toward the gimbal lock there. We'd like you to check that, please.
Roger. Not much we can do about it. We can't use the thrusters, Houston.
Okay. Forget it now; we'll get it later.
And, Houston, Aquarius. I guess the next thing for the PGNS will be a coarse aline 000, but I guess we ought to hold up now until we get enough time on the RCS thrusters.
Roger. We're looking at them. We'll give you the GO on them. Okay, Aquarius. Your quads are 120 to 133 now, so you're cleared for - Cleared for thrusters.
Roger. Did you get my GO for RCS?
That's affirm. We're GO. What we're doing now. Jack, is letting the spacecraft drift in this mode to pick up the Earth again.
I don't want to just go blasting around the sky and get high rates, because I don't have anything to null the rates on until the Earth comes back up again. And - Once I get the Earth in sight.., we have no strain on nulling rates. That part of the Earth, that is.
It's going to be interesting today. Jack. The Earth's a lot bigger; the crescent is a lot more pronounced than it was yesterday.
Well, you're going in the right direction.
And, Jack, I guess we haven't changed our angle much with respect to the Sun 93 million miles away, so it ought to be in about the same place in the A0T, isn't that Charlie?
Hold l on that, Fred. I'll get an answer for you.
Aquarius, your ASA is warmed up now. You can activate the AGS.
Aquarius, Houston. When you look out a detent 2 in the proper burn attitude, what you ought to see is the Sun at 12 o'clock, about halfway between the top of the A0T and the center of the pipper. And you ought to see the Earth - -
And, it's getting a little warmer in here now. Thank you.
Duck blinds are always warmer, Jim, when the birds are flying.
Jack, I've gotten so used to flying attitude with the TTCA, I won't be able to do it normally. 1
I said I've gotten so used to flying attitude with the translational control, I won't be able to do with the ACA.
Aquarius, we see your glycol temperature getting up there. If you want to make it a little warmer, or you can try putting your SUIT TEMP valve to HIGH, if you haven't already got it there.
Aquarius, something we're thinking about right now is, if we can do it without using a lot of RCS, it would be to our advantage timewise to try to get an alinement.
I'll see what we can do. Jack.
Okay. And we'd planned to use the Moon and the Sun for that.
Aquarius, Houston. On panel 16, we'd like for you to close the CROSS TIE BAL LOADS breaker, please.
And it looks like we could support a - an alinement in a few minutes, if you'd be willing to go ahead with that.
Jack, it sounds good. I think from our position here, we know where the Sun and Moon are and it's strictly going to be a pitch maneuver. But I think we can save some gas. I'll see what we can do.
We're all set to go. Are you going to ship us up a REFSMMAT?
The Sun feels wonderful. It's shining in the rendezvous window.
And, Aquarius, before we can ship you a load, we'll have to have, on panel 11, under COMM, the UPDATA LINK circuit breaker closed.
Okay. And it'll be a few minutes yet, Jim. We're still cranking it up.
Okay. Stay with it. Jack, and I'll go back to data.
I got BAT in about 33-1/3 percent on that uplink. Too fast alarm.
I just got another uplink too fast when I took the DATA switch back off - It's happening, I guess, about a third of the time.
Aquarius, Houston. We're ready with your load if you'll give us DATA please.
Aquarius, Houston. After the uplink, you'll have to set the drift and the REFSMMAT flag as on page 8 of the contingency book, steps 5 and 6.
Page 8, steps 5 and 6. Roger.
Okay. Are you done with the computer now. Jack?
Negative. We'll give you the word.
Roger. Aquarius, we're through with it, it's your computer.
And, Aquarius, Houston; take option 1 on a P52 when you get to it. And I've got some ball angles for a Sun and Moon.
Okay. We want an option 1 and you've got some ball angles for Sun and Moon. And right now, Jim has the Sun pretty well squared away right in the middle of A0T.
And have you got some plan in vectors for us, Jack?
Okay, Fred-o. For the Sun, I've got 246; for the Moon I've got 250.
Are you talking about ball theta angles?
Negative. I was - I was reporting the code for NOUN 70.
They're in the computer, Fred.
Okay, Houston. We have the Sun marks and I'll start up at pitch now to go over and pick up the Moon.
Just as a note of interest, in this dock con- figurations for P52s, the command module docking probe is right down the middle of - the docking light, rather, is right down the middle of the detent. And when the Sun flashes on, it really makes it difficult.
Well, Jack, that's what it says the torquing angles are.
Aquarius, hold on to torquing angles, please.
Jim, the reason for the delay is that we're not seeing the data yet. We're having to check a point here; and as soon as they come up, we'll let you know what to do with them.
Okay. We had a large NOUN 105 of - what - 112, and our torquing angles, Jack, are minus 01713, minus 03278, minus 01395.
Roger. Minus 01713, and we see them now.
Aquarius, do you have a star close by there you could check?
I'll look around. Jack. I was just trying to get a cheek on the Moon, again, to see if those angles were indeed true, and we got the Moon back again and centered.
Okay, Jack. What you're reading now the angles? We had the Moon centered, and it's pretty close to what we have on the 8 ball, I guess. Close enough for any entry that we'd like to do.
Roger. And I'm told that Denubla - Denebola and Regulus are nearby if you wanted to make a star check.
Okay. I'm going to start pitching around again, and I'll see if I can pick them up. I have Orion out here to my left a little bit, but it's pretty close to the - oh, here. I've got Sirius. That's a nice one. How about that?
Aquarius, is Jack sitting on the rumble seat there?
He was. He just headed upstairs to take another look around.
Okay. I got a minor addition to the entry checklist for him. This time it's in the - -
Okay. Stand by 1. He has that in his pocket.
What I'm doing, Jack, is just - I'm pitching over now. I'm going to pick up another star. Sirius was just too far off. I thought I was going to use too much gas getting there.
By the time I get alined in the - in the AOT - be nice if we didn't have Odyssey attached, we could just AUTO - AUTO maneuver over to these things.
Looks to us like you've got her alined, Jim, so I wouldn't worry about it too much.
Yes. I'm pretty confident that the platform's fairly descent.
Aquarius, Houston. We need an E MOD VERB 74, when you've got a chance, please.
Okay, Jack. On your entry checklist, on page 2-5. Down there on step 9, where it says 152 degrees pitch at .05g, adjacent to that, so that Recovery can see you better on the way down, we want you to turn your S-BAND, POWER AMPLIFIER to HIGH. Over.
Okay. Turn S-BAND, POWER AMP to HIGH at .05g time.
Aquarius, Houston. We're considering doing the midcourse with PGNS, unless you'd rather do it in AGS.
No. PGNS is fine with me. I just aline myself up with the old ball again. So I've got you foresighted again, but any way you want to do it.
Like you say, you might as well go first class.
I just lost a lot of friends there.
And, Jack, you can tell. Owen Morris that the RCS SYSTEM A/B 2 QUAD 1 breaker is still nicely in.
Aquarius, Houston. We think we've figured out a way to save you some time at a very critical. - very full schedule. And that's by doing a docked coarse aline, since we got the LM up now. That would save you a maneuver or two.
Houston, Aquarius. It seemed to me a docked coarse aline might be quicker for - for Jack.
Yes. We think it would be, and it'd save quite a bit of time at a place where you're going to be pretty busy. Also save you some petrol.
Okay, Jim. We're looking at doing this in the service module SEP attitude, and the optics will be pointed away from the Sun. So it should be a good attitude for a P52.
Okay. So, we'll be going to the service module SEP attitude, at which time we'll do a docked coarse aline, and -
Then you want - You want Jack then to do a P52?
Okay. Are we going to use the same techniques that we normally do for LM activation? In other words, I try to maintain an attitude, and give him some angles and then - Are you going to give him the angles? Then he does the 52.
Basically, it's the same procedure just reversed, Jim.
Another nice thing about this, is it's one we've done before.
And, Aquarius. One thing, however, that we do not plan to do is to proceed with the command module powerup prematurely.
Okay, Houston. This is Jack.
Okay. I just wanted to talk over with you, it looks like we've had some changes in the flight plan here, due to Jim's P52. Do you have - Can you talk over with me what your plans are?
Hey, that sounds good. Really fine.
Hey, it's warmed up here now. It's almost com- fortable.
I'm looking out the window now. Jack, and that Earth is whistling in like a high-speed freight train.
We're clocking you at 48 000 miles and coming in at about 9000.
I don't think there's many LMs that have seen it like this. I'm still looking for Fra Mauro and Cone Crater.
You're going the wrong way, son.
Okay, Jack. It looks - Just looking over what I may expect here, it looks like I'm just going to get three angles to do a VERB 4l NOUN 20, right?
That's what it looks like from here, Jack. It's pretty much the opposite of the LM activation procedure where we do the dock coarse aline.
Yes, except in a way we did a lot of VERB 06 NOUN 20, ENTERS, simultaneously, and then you all shipped him up post-torque values. You're not going to do anything like that are you?
Jack, we're going to give you three coarse aline angles, and then you can go right to your checklist as we're giving it, and start in with the VERB 40 NOUN 20.
And, Jack, how do you lead?
Fred, in regards to the camera settings, for black-and-white 3400 film, the settings were f:5.6 at l/250th. Over.
Okay. I'd guessed right after all, but thank you.
Okay, Jim. I got MCC-7 pad when you're ready to copy. Over.
Okay. We're in luck, I got one pad left.
Okay. We'll take care not to change this one. Ready to go?
MCC-7: 137:39:48.39, ninus 0003.l, plus all zeros, plus 00001, N/A, plus 0020.5, 0003.1, 0:23, 008, 359; the rest is N/A. Remarks: plus-X, four jets, RCS; and your weights for the DAP load: LM weight, 25l8l; CSM weight, 62468. Over.
Okay, Joe. MCC-7: 137:39:48.39, minus 0003.1, plus all balls, plus 0000.l, N/A, plus 0020.5, plus 0003.1, 0:23, 008, 359; the rest of pad N/A. Remarks: plus-X, four jets, RCS, ullage; the LM weight, 25181; CSM weight, 62468. Over.
And, Aquarius; Houston. I have a service module SEP pad if you want to copy that, now. Over.
Roger, Fred. I have a service module SEP pad with the attitudes. You don't need a pad sheet for it; just any old blank sheet will do.
Okay. I was going to say I don't - We don't hardly carry a service module SEP pad.
Yes, we'll have to change that.
Okay. I'm using a P27 here. Go ahead.
Okay. The pad reads as follows and then I'll re- peat the angles for you so you can copy them. The following MCC-7, maneuver the LM to the following FDAI attitudes: roll, 000; pitch, 91.3; yaw, 000. Now do you want those attitudes repeated, Fred?
Okay. Following MCC-7 we're to maneuver to the following attitudes: roll, 000; pitch, 091.3; yaw, 000.
Okay. That's correct. And the last part of the pad is at GET 138:10:00, which is EI minus 4.5 hours, execute a push of 0.5 feet per second, four jet, plus-X; perform SM SEP; then execute pull, 0.5 feet per second, four jet, minus-X. Over.
Houston, Aquarius. Jack's entering the command module, now.
Okay, Aquarius. The last pad I had for you right now is the LM jettison pad. Similar to the - Stand by 1, Aquarius.
Okay, Aquarius; Houston. Request P00 and DATA for a data load. Over.
Okay. And I was about to say the LM jettison pad is similar to the SM SEP pad, Fred, when you're ready to copy.
Just about the same number of lines?
Okay. A LM SEP pad prior to 141:40:00, EI minus 1 hour, maneuver to following attitudes: roll, 130; pitch, 125; yaw, 012.4. The corresponding CSM gimbal angles are roll, 291; pitch, 196; yaw, 045.
Okay. We're so efficient down here that we got an entry pad ready, Fred. Do you want to copy that for Jack? Over.
Stand by. I'll have to try to borrow his book from him.
Can we hold off on that a little bit, Joe?
h, absolutely, Jim. We're well ahead. I just wanted to let you know that we had it.
okay. I hope that when you send up all those uplinks to Jack that you could get them up to him quickly.
We're shooting for less than 5 minutes.
And are you still using the computer?
That's a negative, Fred. The computer is yours.
And, Fred, the computer has your target load in.
Okay. I just want to clarify one thing on the LM SEP pad. It appears to me that in my configuration, I could probably use a VERB 49 loading in 622, yaw, pitch, and roll, in that order; and then being able to fly out at 5018 in roll, pitch, and yaw. Is that correct?
Stand by; I'll verify it, Jim.
Okay, Joe. And while you're doing that I've got a question about the command module checklist.
Okay, Jack. Go ahead with your question.
Roger. That's CB ESSENTIAL INSTRUMENTATION POWER, MAIN B. Over. And it's, closed.
Okay. I just can't, right - I just can't read my writing, ESSENTIAL INSTRUMENTATION POWER MAIN B, closed.
Roger. The word we have is that you can't make a VERB 49 maneuver to the LM jettison attitude because those are FDAI angles we gave you; they don't correspond to the gimbal angles for the load; it'll have to be a manual maneuver. Over.
And mind out for gimbal lock.
Roger. We're looking at LM current, to see if Jack has started his preheat, and we haven't seen it yet. Is he doing okay down there?
Houston, Jack said he's already started it, and he said that in 1 more minute, he'll be up to 20 minutes.
Jim, Houston. Have him let us know what his test meter reads when he's done.
He says that he had a batteiy A voltage drop of 2 volts, and he'll try to look at the test meter for you right now.
He's been looking at them, but they haven't been coming up, no far.
Do you see a current now. Houston?
Stand by 1 on that, Jim. That's affirmative, Jim; it looks like we are seeing one now.
Okay. And thanks for keeping us on it.
Roger. Reminder P41 for the RCS burn.
Thanks for keeping us honest.
We got to protect our jobs. Jim.
We've been DPS-ing so long here.
Okay, Houston. I finished up the maneuvers, the AUTO maneuver in 41; but my roll and yaw needles seem to be offset. Pitch is okay.
Okay, Jim. We copy. Standby. Aquarius, Houston. We recommend PGNS MODE CONTROL to ATT HOLD. Save a little gas and stand by on the error needles .
Aquarius, Houston. Did you call?
Roger, Joe. Figured, if we're going to do this burn in PGNS now, I ought to give you an update on the contingency book pages 32, 33, and 34, because the last time we went through this portion, we were burning it in AGS.
Okay,Fred. Stand by. We've been talking about possibly having you do it in AGS. We recommend at this time that you do AGS to PGNS, aline, the 400 plus 3 procedure only. Over.
Roger. We recommend that you perform this burn in AGS, as you did the last midcourse maneuver; we think it will save gas. Over.
Okay. Joe, do you want me to line up the same way we did the last one, too?
And, Joe, Jack just handed me some injector temperatures, if you want to read these on ... so I can plug them in.
Okay. 5 Charlie, 4.0; 5 Dogs, 3.7; 6 Able, 3.5; 6 Bravo, 4.1; 6 Charlie, 4.2; 6 Delta, 3.8.
Okay, Jim. Our recommendation on this burn is that you maneuver to the burn attitude, in PGNS MIN IMPULSE, then do a body-axis aline, 400 plus 5, followed by 400 plus 0, and then do the burn in AGS. Over.
Okay. Now we're spinning it with the PGNS, what you gave us for a PGNS attitude. Is this the wrong one? Do you want me to just to aline up the Earth as I did before in the last midcourse?
No. We don't want you to do that. Read me your FDAI angles, and let's compare them with what we have down here.
Okay. You're looking at them in the DSKY. I've got roll of 8.47; pitch of about 0.51; and yaw looking at about 3.750.
Okay, Jim. Those are very close - I guess all you need to do is trim them up a bit.
I plan to do a final trim - AUTO trim, and then a four-jet translation.
Okay, Jim. For fuel conservation, we'd prefer you to trim it up MIN IMPULSE, and there's really very little trim required; and then go ahead and do it AGS. We're on the expected fuel usage, but we're just being old ladies about it.
Okay. Understand, My only question, Joe, is the fact that both the roll and the yaw needles did not go to null when I did an AUTO maneuver. I'd tried to go manually to the attitude; and then went to AUTO, but the roll and the yaw do not come in at all.
Roger. I haven't got an answer on that yet, but your attitude looks very close.
And, Houston, Aquarius. I'm not sure that if I follow and null the needles, that will be the proper attitude.
Okay. Stand by 1, Jim. We're talking about it. It's going to be very close; in any event, close enough.
And, Jim, just for your information, I have the entry pad. I have the landing area weather summary, which you probably don't even have to copy, but which I'll read up to you when you're ready; and some stars for Jack that I'm holding for him for later on.
And, Joe, Jack says all the injector temperatures, he just checked them again, and they're all over 3.9.
That they're all over 3.9 now. Thanks a lot.
You can tell him that it's looking good to us. They were even happy with the previous ones.
And, my only question, Houston, is do you want me to null the PGNS needle manually?
Okay. Stand by 1 more minute, Jim.
Yes. It appears if we track those we, obviously, aren't going to be on the attitude that we burned the last midcourse.
Okay. Well, this attitude we passed you is not quite alined to the terminator, and stand by on this.
It should be off about 8 degrees, FLIGHT. END OF TAPE
How you doing, there, Houston?
Oh, we're getting there, Jim. We're - we're all agreed that you're almost, but not quite, in the proper attitude, and we're just trying to get you one firm recommendation on how to proceed from here.
Okay. I have nulled the null - roll needle and the pitch needle now and I'm yawed - rolled left now. I'm rolled left about 9 degrees.
Okay. Understand the needles are nulled.
The yaw isn't, but the pitch and roll are.
Okay. I'm rolled the wrong way; that is what you're saying, right?
And you know I can't roll in minimum impulse. I've got to use TTCAs.
And you don't want me to automatically trim 5018, I take it.
That's affirm, Jim. Don't trim 5018.
We just want you to cycle on through P41 to get the average g and burn it out.
Just for your information, we see 3.0 in regis- ter 1. We read you up 3.1 on the pad. The actual DELTA-V was 3.05, and they warned me that it might come out 3.0.
Okay. That's a little burn.
Aquarius, Houston. Your attitude looks real good. We will give you a mark at 10 minutes to the burn, which is in 28 seconds.
Okay. We'll burn it in AGS and use the AGS ball.
Right. I was looking at the wrong clock, and we're a little under 10 minutes now. I'll give you a mark at 9 minutes. Okay?
Aquarius, Houston. We have 10 seconds until 9 minutes to the burn. 3,2,1 -
Very well. That agrees with our event timer.
Okay, Houston. About 3 minutes to go, and we're all squared away.
And, Aquarius; Houston. Roger that. And we're standing by for your body-axis aline and your zeroing 404, 405, 406, going to 470.
Okay. You'd asked - you'd asked me before, Joe, to go 400 plus 3, which I did. I assume you've changed the script again.
Okay, Fred. We did tell you to do that awhile ago, and it doesn't matter; you're looking good.
Yes. It looks like we had a minus 0.2 bias at 470. We're burning.
Roger. Aquarius, Houston. You're good right where you are.
Okay. If you're happy, can we maneuver to service module SEP attitude now?
That's affirmative, Aquarius.
And I'm pitching up to the proper attitude.
And it's again necessary to use the TTCA to pitch.
Okay. Recommend you terminate P41.
Hey, Jim, have you broken into the medical kit per my recommendation a few hours ago?
Yes. Everything is taken care of Deke.
Okay, fine. You might hit it again in about 2 hours.
Aquarius, Houston. AFT OMNI.
Yes. I thought you did, but 1 thought I'd say it anyway.
Okay, Aquarius; Houston. That attitude looks pretty good. How's Jack getting along?
He's getting along, all set to go. And I'm going to go into PGNS ATT HOLD.
Roger. Again for fuel-consumption reasons, we'd like you to go back to the AGS mode you were in rather than PGNS ATT HOLD. Over.
Okay. I'm in PGNS MINIMUM IMPULSE right now while we're firing. And I'll go back to the AGS mode.
Okay, Jim. PGNS MIN IMPULSE is okay; AGS is okay too. It's your choice.
Soon as we get rid of the service module, Joe, I think I'll be able to maneuver a lot better.
Okay, Jack just reported that all thrusters fired on both rings.
Roger. Understand; that's SM JETT, 138:12. It's not that time critical, Jim.
Can we do it at any time, Joe?
I think so, but let me check. Aquarius, Houston. That's affirmative. You can jettison the servire module when you are ready; no big rush, but any time.
Roger. We recommend that you use the AGS for the separation maneuver, because we'd like to get the proper weight in for the DAP before we use the PGNS again.
Okay, Aquarius; Houston. I recommend you terminate AVERAGE G. Over.
Okay, I've got her, Houston.
Beautiful, beautiful. And for you information, Jim, you'll be coming up on an RCS caution light for helium. No sweat. Over.
And there's one whole side of that spacecraft missing.
Right by the - Look out there, will you? Right by the high gain antenna, the whole panel is blown out, almost from the base to the engine.
Yes, it looks like it got to the SPS bell, too, Houston.
Think it zinged the SPS engine bell, huh?
That's the way it looks; unless that's just a dark brown streak. It's really a mess.
Okay, Jim. We'd like you to get some pictures, but we want you to conserve RCS. Don't make unnecessary maneuvers.
And, Jim; Houston. In particular, of course, we don't want any translation maneuvers.
Right on that. Joe, you realize that when I went up to the SM SEP attitude, I had to use TTCA to do it.
That's affirm. We know that. That's okay.
All right. She's drifting right down in front of our windows now, Houston.
Okay, Joe, I'm now looking down the SPS bell, and it looks - looks okay on the inside; maybe it is just a streak.
Okay. Copy that, Fred. Was the bell deformed on the outside or just nicked or what?
I think the explosion, from what I could see, Joe, had - had stained it. I don't know whether it did any actual deformation or not.
And, Joe, looks like a lot of - a lot of debris is just hanging out the side near the S-band antenna.
I know you're busy, but when Jack gets a chance, we'd like BAT C current and MAIN A voltage in the command module.
Okay. I've pitched up to about 180 degrees now, and do you want me to go to the LM SEP attitude for his alinement?
Roger. We want you to go to the service module SEP attitude.
And, Jim, when you have leisure to copy, I have your NOUN 46 and NOUN 47 DAP data load numbers.
Okay. NOUN 46, 31021; NOUN 47, plus 25248 and plus 09050. Over.
Roger; 31021, plus 25248, plus 09050.
And now, Houston, do you still think that AGS is going to be less expensive than PGNS mode?
Okay. I'm in AGS pulse right now. It's the ...
Going back to LM SEP attitude - or CSM SEP attitude.
Stand by. Jack's on the line and he says that he can't get the computer to go into standby.
Okay. Have him tell us what he's - what he looks at. And remind him that he won't see the light. He won't see the STANDBY light - -
- - because it's not powered - -
Joe. Okay, I get a flashing 37, I am in PROGRAM 06. There is no STANDBY light, but when I ENTER, I don't get the three balls 62 displayed like I'm supposed to.
- - and this occurs on both DSKYs.
Okay. Understand. We're - we're thinking about it. Stand by 1.
Okay, Jack; Houston. We'd like you to go VERB 37, ENTER; 06, ENTER again. Over.
Okay, Houston. I'm back in the service module SEP attitude.
Okay. Copy that, Jim. Looks good. Do you know whether Jack got any pictures out of window 5? Was it still fogged up? Over.
I don't think so. I think he came right down here, because I think he saw it first in the - in the LM.
Okay. Good deal. And whenever you get cleaned up, we got the entry pad and the landing area summary for you.
Okay. Doing a VERB 37, ENTER; 06, ENTER does bring up the three balls 62 display, but I can't PROCEED on it on wither DSKY and a VERB 33 doesn't work either.
It's still just a flashing 5025 with a code 00062.
Okay. Copy that, Jack. Stand by 1.
Jack, Houston. How long did you hold PROCEED before you quit on it?
Well, it was varying lengths. Is it suppose to be a long-time PROCEED?
We think it may be, Jack. We think it may be 15 to 20 seconds, and our recommendation is that you PRO and hold it down for a good period of time, probably half a minute or more, and see if the DSKY blanks.
Okay. All right, I didn't hold it in that long. Maybe 2 or 3 seconds is the longest I held it.
Okay, Jack just came down the tunnel again and said the computer's okay.
Okay. Good to hear it. And did you ever get that BAT C MAIN A reading for us?
I guess in the heat of the battle, I forgot to to give it to you, I guess. Stand by.
BAT C current was 2 amps and BAT A voltage, 30.2.
Copy, 2 amps, 30.2. And that sounds good to us, Jim.
Okay. We'd like to have Jack verify that. the PYROs in LOOIC are SAFE, and we'd like to remind him to do no further powerup of the CSM until EI minus 2 plus 30.
Roger. He reports that the PYROs are SAFE, and we're standing by for 02:30.
Well, I can't say that this week hasn't been filled with excitement.
Well, James, if you can't take any better care of a spacecraft than that, we might not give you another one. Hey, Jim; Houston. You might ask Jack, while he's down there, to take a peek through the telescope and tell us whether he can see any stars. Over.
Joe, Jack tells me that there's still a lot of particles floating around and he's - he can't pick out any constellation that he recognizes so far. But it might clear here in a little while.
Okay. Jack reported that he turned out all the floodlight.
Okay. Okay, we copy that. Like to have him check the amperage on there; see what you have now, and give us a voltage reading, too.
Okay. I've been not reading any voltage at all on BAT C, and the amperage looks like about 2 amps, but that could be kind of noise-level stuff. I've got all the floodlights off and I - Can you think of anything - I could power dowr. to lower MAIN A.
Okay. How about reading the voltage off of MAIN A?
Okay. Oh, this is Ken. Okay. Ken, it was 30.2.
Okay. We're checking out the floodlights we gave you. Actually, Jack, you ought to be able to go ahead and use the lights we gave you. There's no reason to sit in the dark. They're supposed to be coming off of MAIN B, and we're checking that now.
Okay. It's not bad down there. We're in - got plenty of light. But should I be reading the voltage on BAT C?
Jack, you should be reading BAT C voltage. That circuit breaker should be open.
Okay. Okay, can you think of anything else you want to get turned off to lighten load on MAIN A?
Okay. We're perusing that subject right now, Jack. It's really not that big a thing, just something we wanted to dress up.
Say, Jim, as something to try, you might have Jack turn off the RING 1's AUTO coils, which are probably on MAIN A. Have him turn those off and take a look at the readings.
Okay. Jack has turned off RING 1 that was on MAIN A, and he's still reading 30.2 volts.
Roger that, Jim. What's his amperage? Did he read that off?
I guess. He says it's down in the mud; it's less than 2 amps.
Down in the mud. Okay, understand that. Request he turn them back on and - Okay, Jim, that's the AUTO coils back on RING 1, MAIN A, and when you get that done, I'd like you to copy the entry pad.
Okay, Joe. Standing by to copy the entry pad.
Okay. Roger that, Jim. I want to verify a couple of things I'm not sure I heard you read back. The first one was Zebra Libra (laughter) that's Sigma Libra. The set stars 31 and 23. Did you get that? Over.
Okay. No, I had 31 and 33, and I got Sigma Libra now, and it'll be 31 and 23 for the set stars.
Okay. And your GDC pitch aline, I wasn't sure whether that was - whether you read back 245 or 045. The correct number is 245. Over.
Good show, because I have 045 down. 245.
Okay. And the Moon check here, unlike the horizon check, is on the 36-degree window mark all the way. Just wanted to repeat that.
Moon check on 30-degree window mark.
That's 36-degree window mark, Jim.
Okay. Readback correct. And, Aquarius; Houston. If you want me to read you the landing area summary, I'll do that.
Okay, fine. We have the Iwo Jima as the prime recovery ship.
Joe, Jack tells me he is still having trouble looking through the optics. I'm just going to pitch up a little bit more here to see if he can get into the dark spot.
Okay, real fine. You might tell him when we get to that point, we have some - some stars with corresponding shaft and trunnion angles to pass to him as backups in case the computer doesn't happen to point him straight at one. And it's the Summer Triangle.
And are you tracking us, and do you have any results on that last midcourse?
Stand by. It looks good. I'll try and get you numbers.
It feels nice to use the hand controller again.
I just said, Joe, it feels nice to use the hand controller again.
Oh. Roger that. FIDO says he's got you nailed within a half a foot per second; the midcourse looked real good.
Okay. I'll tell Jack to check that the CM/RCS HEATER switch is off, and, if not, we'll turn it off; and also to turn off the SCS LOGIC POWER 2/3 switch, OFF, since it comes up later in the checklist.
Houston, Aquarius. We're recording MAIN A voltage up to 31.0.
Roger. That's 31.0. We're smiling.
Okay. How about if I hold a pitch attitude of about 115 instead of about 91. I think Jack can use the optics a little bit better at that angle.
Jim, that's perfectly okay with us, if it looks good for stars.
He just looked at them briefly; I'll down and look at them a little bit better here.
Okay. With the new attitude, our shaft and trun- nion angles we were going to pass him don't mean anything, but it's more important to have a good star field.
Yes. I'll try to hold the attitude we select directly, while you're giving us the coarse aline attitude. We're not too sure what - what's the best attitude. I'm going to ask Jack again if 115 is sufficient for him.
Okay. You can take some time figuring out the best attitude, and then you won't have to hold it all the way from now until then, if you just get back to it.
Houston, Jack would like to know what constellations are in his sextant, or scanning telescope, field of view at an attitude of about 105 pitch, zero roll, zero yaw. Can you give that to us?
Okay. We'll sure give it a go. As I said, we - We have some stars. They're not - They're not centered with the shaft and trunnion zero. Let us take a quick look at 105 pitch, shaft and trunnion zero, and see if we can get you an answer.
Okay. Thank you, very much.
Okay. And, Jim, I can give shaft and trunnions if - if he's interested.
Okay. Why don't you give us the shaft and trun- nion for - say, Altair at 115, and I'll go up there, and I'll see if he can pick it up.
Okay. Real fine. At 115 degrees of pitch, Altair, shaft 274, trunnion 22.2. Over.
Roger. Shaft is 274, trunnion 22.2.
Okay, Jim. In the LM, there we have - We show battery 3 only drawing about an amp, and we think it's probably time to get it off the line; battery 3 to OFF/RESET. Over.
Just how's our power consumption, Houston, just out of curiosity?
I'll verify it, Jim. I'm sure it's okay.
Okay, Aquarius; Houston. With the present amount of power you've got in the LM, which is over 500 amp-hours, and the rate you're using them, we figure you've got almost 12 hours of power left. 1
Twelve hours, huh? We could reenter with it.
That's enough for two touch-and-goes and a full stop, Jim.
That's right, Joe; if you could dig a crater like Cone Crater, I could might hit it.
Jack reports that he thinks he can see Altair.
He says, he thinks he can see Altair.
Okay. I'll take back the "very," but I'll leave the "good."
I ran back there to take a look and see what I could see in the - in the scanning telescope. It looks pretty grim back there right now. It might be that we have to go with the coarse aline, and maybe computation of some fine aline docking angles, if we have time.
Okay. We'd like to do that, too. Wait a minute; stand by, Jim.
Aquarius, Houston. How do you read?
That sounds great, Ken. One little problem: there's all sorts of bright objects floating around us, and also that just staring at part of Aquarius; it's just reflecting light like mad. We can give it a try. There's no problem there; if we can see it, we'll get it.
Okay. And in - in the event that that doesn't work, we're standing by with the original scheme, a set of LM FDAI angles to fly to that'll point the command module optics at the Moon and the Sun; so we can always go back to that.
And, Aquarius, Houston. We'd like you to verify the SUIT RELIEF valve to closed. Over.
We'll go with your original 91-degree angle, if you have the stars figured out, and the coarse aline angle for it.
Okay. Roger that, Jim. Then at - at your con- venience here, we'd like you to go to that attitude, as close as you can get, and call up a NOUN 20 for us.
Okay. But I'm going to have to maneuver to the Moon to help him out.
Oh. That's - That's affirmative. If he can't see stars at the - at the SEP attitude that - that you'll be holding, you'll have to maneuver to the Moon attitude and then to the Sun attitude for him.
Just like to mention that, even if, for some reason, we run out of time or something and don't complete the Moon-Sun P52, Jack will have a platform coarse aline to the entry REFSMMAT, which we feel will be plenty good enough.
Roger. That's my feelings, too.
Okay. I'll be there to the best of my ability.
Good show. You ready to copy?
Okay. CSM coarse aline angles: ROLL, plus 298.95; PITCH, plus 271.30; YAW, plus 000.20.
Okay. The command module angles will be: ROLL, 298.95; PITCH, 271.30; and YAW, 000.20.
That's affirmative, and that's for his VERB 4l NOUN 20 when he gets there.
Go ahead, Houston; Aquarius here.
Okay. And I take it you're also monitoring main bus voltage.
Negative. Not in the command module at this time, because we don't call up telemetry until a little bit later on.
Ah so. That's right; I forgot. Okay. I will tell him.
Okay. You're GO to start powering up the command module.
Right-o. We're starting now.
Okay. We have LM power breakers. 05 20 11 20 IMP Okay. Houston, you're looking at it.
Okay. That'a - That's it, Joe.
Roger. We have command module AOS. Request OMHI Charlie tn the CM. Over.
OMNI Charlie. Okay. Standby.
That was sent through a new onboard communication system known as yelling through the tunnel.
I've got Fred up there with Jack now helping to power up the CM, and I'm staying down in good old Aquarius.
Just to inform you. We've got data from the - from Odyssey, and it looks good.
Houston, Aquarius. Odyssey is trying to call. Can you read them?
Negative. Don't read Odyssey yet; has he got his intercom panel configured?
I'll doublecheck. They're hearing you.
Okay. Good deal. I don't hear them, yet.
Are you ready for an E-MEMORY dump, VERB 74?
Stand by for just 1 minute, Jim.
We've got a lot of things to do, Houston.
I know it. Okay, Aquarius; Houston. Recommend in Odyssey that he switch the POWER AMPLIFIER to LOW. Over.
It's been switched to LOW, Houston.
Roger. Okay. Verify the POWER AMP talkback is gray, Jim.
We have high bit rate; we are standing by for the VERB 74 ENTER and the E-MOD dump.
Okay. Loud and clear. VERB 74 coming down.
And I'll be ready for your P27 update.
Okay. Understand you are in P00 and ACCEPT. Verify OMNI Charlie.
Okay. Joe, we are OMNI Charlie. We have little bit better signal strength on another OMNI.
Okay, Odyssey: Houston. Select your own best OMNI and then repeat VERB 74 ENTER. Over.
Okay, Odyssey:. Houston. We are locked on solid high bit rate now; repeat the VERB 74 ENTER. Over. Delay that; hold the VERB 74 1 minute. Wait.
You're too late, Joe; it's coming down.
Okay. We are going to skip the E-MOD dump for right now and get the uplink in.
Okay. P00 and ACCEPT. And, Jack, you can go ahead with the IMU and optics powerup. Over.
... unable to read any BAT B voltage. We do have current, though, on BAT B.
You're looking good on the ground, Odyssey.
And I think the reason you don't read voltage is it's a circuit breaker that we have called as being out.
Odyssey, Houston. The uplink is going well. We have one more load to get in.
Is the computer mine now, Joe?
Okay, Jack. We'd like the VERB 74 ENTER, and it'll take less than a minute for E-MOD dump.
And, Jack, Houston. It'll be 100 seconds on that.
Okay. Can I go to BLOCK on the UP TELEMETRY?
Odyssey, Houston. You can go to UP TEL BLOCK. Over.
UP TEL BLOCK and the computer is mine.
Not yet, Jack. We're still in the E-MOD dump. And, Aquarius, Houston.
Okay. We're coming up on time for the coarse aline, Jim, so you can hold your attitude real good.
And, Odyssey, Houston. The computer is yours. You can press on.
Aquarius, Houston. Go ahead.
Roger. He just did the coarse aline. I'm going to the jettison attitude.
Aquarius, Houston. I copied that you - that he's completed the coarse aline; he's going into the P52 now? Is that right?
Let me check. I think he is.
Okay. You're staying at your present attitude, aren't you?
Yes. We'll - I'll stay in the present attitude.
Okay, Houston. I got a 220 alarm here. ...
Roger that. 05 20 44 37 CMP ... ...
Odyssey, Houston. Have you set the drift light and the REFSMMAT light? Over.
You were noisy; I didn't copy. Have you set the drift and REFSMMAT flag?
Okay, Joe. I don't have a star in the sextant. I'm going to hunt for it in a minute.
Okay, Joe. Can you give me any stars that I might try here?
That's affirmative. Vega and Altair should be good. Vega is 36, Altair is 40.
Okay. We'll give that a try.
Okay. And you might look for them in the tele- scope if they're not in the sextant right off. They should be close to the crosshairs.
Okay. I got all that material that's venting from the bottom of the command module.
I have an RCS light, Houston.
Okay, Jim. That's the one we warned you about some time ago. Low helium; no sweat.
Okay, Houston. There's a star angle difference with stars 36 and 40.
Roger that. Copy you're maneuvering to the LM JETT attitude. Is that right?
I'm going to torque those gimbal angles.
Torque them, babe, full stroke gimbal.
There it is. Okay. I'll do a star check.
Okay, Odyssey. You're suddenly ahead of the time line.
Odyssey, Houston. Request OMNI Bravo.
Okay, Houston. The sextant star check passes.
I did a star check, and it passes. It puts that star right in the telescope.
Good enough. You can press on in the checklist. Jack.
Find out LM gimbal lock, Jim.
It's the command module's gimbal lock I'm worrie d ab out.
Roger. If you concur, we would be inclined to recommend that you go to AGS for the maneuver because you'll have to be there later on anyway.
And AGS PULSE is the recommendation.
We're having trouble maneuvering, Joe, without getting it in gimbal lock. 05 20 55 50 CC Okay. You can - -
You picked a lousy attitude, though, to separate.
Well, we apologize. Just take your time. Jim, we've got time now.
Houston, why can't I stay in PGNS ATT HOLD fur the LM attitude hold?
Okay. Our recommendation is that you stay in AGS for the LM JETT simply because we've thought it through. We've got the right deadbands and all set up. Over.
Okay. It's a lot easier for me to maneuver in PGNS , Joe, than it is AGS .
Yes. You can maneuver in PGNS, Jim. I'm sorry, I thought you were talking about the ATT HOLD and the LM JETT afterward. You can maneuver in PGNS if you want to.
I want to get way over here, Joe. To prevent him into gimbal lock, I have the yaw at about - I'd say about almost 50 degrees.
Roger that. Just stay out of gimbal lock and that 45-degree isn't critical - the out of plane, that is.
Odyssey, Houston. Request OMNI Charlie.
Roger. That's VERB 46. Roger. Aquarius, Houston.
Okay, Jim. The particular DAP configuration we have set up now is using more fuel than we'd like out of system B. We'd like you to reconfigure the DAP to 30021. Over.
We'd like to have you turn the optics power off until you need them again, and we would like to have you check the RCS ring 1 and 2 temps for us. Over.
Okay, Joe. Our ring 1 is 50; ring 2 is plus 42.
Ring 1 is 50; copy. What was the other?
Okay, Houston; Aquarius. I am at the LM SEP attitude and I'm planning on bailing out.
Okay. I can't think of a better idea, Jim.
I'll go to AGS ATT HOLD, if you want me to.
Okay, Aquarius; Houston. In AGS ATT HOLD, we recommend WIDE DEADBAND. Over.
Aquarius, Houston. Don't forget the ...
You need to relay something downstairs, Jim?
Okay. Our troops would like to have you go to the SYSTEMS TEST METER and read out the injector temps on RCS for us.
Okay, Houston. Let me read out the injector temperatures for you.
Charlie, 4.2; 5 Dog, 4.6; 6 Alfa, 4.3; 6 Bravo, 4.3; 6 Charlie, 3.6; 6 Dog, 3.6.
Okay. Copy that. No complaints.
Okay. We're ready to proceed with hatch closeup.
Okay. Did Jim get the film out of Aquarius?
Yes. We - You mean the film we took this morning?
Yes. We've transferred that.
Okay, Houston. We've got an 02 FLOW HIGH.
Well, we might be pressurizing a lot of the system that was not pressurized.
Roger. I expect that's the case. Let us check it.
Okay. Take a good look at CABIN.
Odyssey, Houston. Just verify your DIRECT 02 is OFF. Over.
Yes, sir. That is verified.
... It's dropping now, Joe.
Roger. We think that you were just pressurizing the cabin up to that regulator's particular SPEC.
Odyssey, Houston. 05 21 15 18 CMP/CDR Go ahead.
Okay. We're observing middle gimbal angle getting a little bit high. The LM appears to be deadbanding okay within its attitude, but just wanted you to know that we're keeping an eye on it and if it does get too high, we might want you to punch off early.
And verify that the hatch is secured and that you are venting the tunnel. Over.
That's verified. We have a DELTA-P of 2.8.
Okay, Joe. Since we're ahead of the time line, can I proceed on and kind of punch off early, or do you want me to punch off at exactly 1 hour?
Jack, when you are comfortably ready to punch off, you can go ahead and do it.
Odyssey, Houston. We just had a formal GO for LM JETT at your convenience. Over.
Okay, Odyssey; Houston. We're ready for you to bring the BMAGs ON and WARM UP and all other things being equal, we'd like you to go through the LM JETT at - on the checklist you've got. And that is BMAGs 1 - -
- - 1. That's BMAG 1 now, as you know.
Okay, Houston. Do you have a command module weight for me?
Okay. I'm reminded that the entry DAP is all you've' got. It'll initialize itself, and you won't have an - you won't have an RCS DAP, so you don't have to fool with it.
Okay, Joe. I'm - Have you got your checklist out there on the SPS powerup?
Okay. I'm coming down nere to a step that says FDAI POWER, off. Is that what you want right now, I guess, huh?
Okay, Jack. That FDAI POWER, OFF, is to stop momentary gliches as you bring up the BMAG to put it on, and you turn right around and put the FDAI POWER right back on 1.
Okay. And I don't have the BMAG TEMP light out yet. Do you want me to go ahead and put the BMAG ON with the TEMP light still ON?
That's affirm. We can go ahead and you'll have a good stable rate.
Okay, Houston. We'll punch off at l4l plus 30.
Okay, Jack. We copy and we concur.
Okay, Houston. Do we have a GO for PYR0 ARM?
Odyssey, Houston. We can give you a GO if you'll put the LOGIC ON momentarily first.
Okay. The SECs LOGIC is on.
Okay. Just copied that, and you are GO for PYRO ARM.
Okay, copy that. Farewell, Aquarius, and we thank you.
Watch gimbal lock there, Jack.
Odyssey, Houston. Request OMNI Bravo.
Okay, Jack. We'll have a pad for you in a few minutes. We're getting data now on the tracking, and although we suspect the changes from your preliminary pad will be very small, we recommend that you hold off on initializing the EMS until we get you the final pad. Over.
Okay, Houston. The sextant star check passes.
Houston, copy. Good show. That was some P52, Jack.
Yes. I was kind of lucky, I guess.
Give you a big gold star for that.
Hey, Joe. We're standing by to copy your new pad.
Okay, Jack. It'll be a few minutes yet. We want to get it right up to speed.
Okay. I can proceed with EMC check, can't I, Joe?
That's affirmative, Jack. You can go ahead with that.
Okay, Jim. Your CABIN is looking real good. We recommend you turn the SUIT COMPRESSOR to OFF now. Over.
Going OFF. Boy, it's nice and quiet in here.
Okay, real good. Incidentally, your power is looking real good also, Jim.
Odyssey, Houston. I have your final entry pad when you are ready.
Okay, Houston. Ready to copy.
Okay, Jim. That's a tiny hair shallower than we had you before, but it's based on solid tracking, and it still is lift vector up comfortably.
Okay, Jack. We'd like POO and ACCEPT for your final state vector.
And, Odyssey, Houston. We're also sending you a final PIPA bias update and clock increment. Over.
Okay. Fine; thank you, Joe. How does the LM look? Are you still tracking it?
All I've heard was that it's - that the cabin was holding pressure. I haven't heard anything more. And, Odyssey, we're ready for you to warm up the BMAG number 2's at your discretion and we're curious whether the Moon check attitude is good. Over.
Yes, Joe, it's coming down. I got just about 45 degrees now and it's coming on down.
Odyssey, Houston. The computer is yours. Over.
Okay, Joe. The Moon is coming down to about 38 degrees. ... - -
Okay, Jack. Sounds real good.
Okay. We'd like the S-BAND POWER AMPLIFIER to OFF, center, at this time, Jim.
Joe, are you planning to run this all the way down without the suit compressor?
Are you planning to turn on the suit compressor at all on the way down?
That's a negative, Jack; I'll verify it, but I sure don't think so.
Okay. That's all right; with us.
Okay, Jack. This is Houston. We've got POWER, and you can cycle it for 10 minutes if you so desire, but we don't tiink you need to do it. Over.
Okay. Real fine. How did the EMS check go, Jack?
- - been initialized and sitting on ENTRY.
Okay, Joe. Are you watching - you and FIDO taking a look at our NOUN 60 here?
That's affirmative. Hold it just a second; we are looking at 6.13 and 4.80. I'll get a check on that.
Okay. That's not too many g's.
Jack, FIDO says that's okay.
Jack, Houston. Your NOUN 63 looks good to us also.
Joe, how far out do ycu show us now?
Oh, on our plotboard up here, we can't hardly see how far out you are.
I know all of us here want to thank all you guys down there for the very fine job you did.
I'll tell you - We all had a good time doing it.
Okay, Odyssey; Houston. Just for your information, it looks as though battery C will deplete around main chute time; that's expected; you've got plenty of amp-hours in the other batteries.
Okay. At 10 minutes to 400 K, you're looking good; we're real happy with the trajectory, and a minute ago, we just lost contact with your friend Aquarius.
Oh, I don't know. She's up there somewhere.
Hey, just as I said that, we got another burst of LM data, so I guess it's still ticking.
Odyssey, Houston. Your DSKY is doing all the right things. The G&N is GO. Over.
You have a good bedside manner, Joe.
You have a good bedside manner.
(Laughter) That's the nicest thing anybody's ever said! How about that?
Sure wish I could go tc the FIDO party tonight.
(Laughter) Yes, it's going to be a wild one.
Somebody said, "We'll - We'll cover for you guys; and, if Jack's got any phone numbers he wants us to call, why, pass them down."
Okay; We just had one last time around the room and everybody says you're looking great.
Okay. LOS in about a minute or minute and a half; in entry attitude, we'd like OMNI Charlie, and welcome hime. Over
Odyssey, Houston standing by. Over.
We're looking at the weather on TV and it looks just as advertised; real good.
Odyssey, Houston standing by for your NOUN 67 when you get it. Over.
Odyssey, Houston. We show you on the mains. It really looks great.
Got you on television, babe. 05 22 50 17 CMP
Iwo Jima Control, this is Swim 2. I have a visual bearing 182.
Iwo Jima Control, this is ... Recovery. I have a visual bearing 190. Over.
Iwo Jima; Roger. 05 22 50 52 S-l Iwo Jima, Swim 1 has a visual at 110. ...
Apollo 13, Apollo 13, this is Recovery. Over.
Roger. We never did bring that angle up, did we?
Apollo 13, Apollo 13, this is Recovery. Over.
- - see you loud and clear going throug 5000
Roger, Apollo 13. This is Recovery and chutes look good.
Apollo 13, this is Recovery. We observed your RCS burn. Over.
This is Recovery. Apollo 13 is descending through 2000 feet.
Okay. Our altimeter concurs.
Apollo 13 and Recovery passing through 1000 feet.
Photo l's on station. Photo 1 observes splashdown at this time.
